A taste of honey... tasting much sweeter than wine.  I dream of your first kiss, and then, I feel upon my lips again, A taste of honey... tasting much sweeter than wine.  I will return, yes I will return, I'll come back for the honey and you.  Yours was the kiss that awoke my heart, There lingers still, 'though we're far apart, That taste of honey... tasting much sweeter than wine.  I will return, yes I will return, I'll come back (he'll come back) for the honey (for the honey) and you.
Anna, You come and ask me, girl, To set you free, girl, You say he loves you more than me, So I will set you free, Go with him. Go with him.  Anna, Girl, before you go now, I want you to know, now, That I still love you so, But if he loves you mo', Go with him.  All of my life, I've been searchin' for a girl To love me like I love you. Oh, now.. But every girl I've ever had, Breaks my heart and leaves my sad. What am I, what am I supposed to do.  Anna, Just one more thing, girl. You give back your ring to me, and I will set you free, Go with him.  Chorus  Anna, Just one more thing, girl. You give back your ring to me, and I will set you free, Go with him.
I love you Can't you tell me things I want to know? And it's true That it really only goes to show That I know, that I I - I I Should never, never, never be blue Now you're mine My happiness still makes me cry And in time You'll understand the reason why If I cry It's not because I'm sad But you're the only love that I've ever had I can't believe It's happened to me I can't concieve Of anymore Misery  Ask me why I'll say I love you And I'm always thinking of you I love you Can't you tell me things I want to know? And it's true That it really only goes to show That I know, that I I - I I Should never, never, never be blue I can't believe It's happened to me I can't concieve Of anymore Misery Ask me why I'll say I love you And I'm always thinking of you I love you
Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la  It's not the way you smile that touched my heart. (sha la la la la) It's not the way you kiss that tears me apart.  Uh, oh, many, many, many nights go by, I sit alone at home and I cry over you. What can I do. Can't help myself, 'cause baby, it's you. Baby, it's you.  You should hear what they say about you, "cheat," "cheat." They say, they say you never never never ever been true. (cheat cheat)  Uh oh, It doesn't matter what they say, I know I'm gonna love you any old way. What can I do, and it's true. Don't want nobody, nobody, 'cause baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la)  Uh oh, It doesn't matter what they say, I know I'm gonna love you any old way. What can I do, when it's true. Don't want nobody, nobody, 'cause baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Don't leave me all alone...
I been told when a boy kiss a girl, Take a trip around the world, Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah, she say ya do. (Bop shuop)  My girl says when I kiss her lips, Gets a thrill through her fingertips, Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah, she say ya do. (Bop shuop)  Well, I talk about boys, Don't ya know I mean boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, Aaahhh, boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, What a bundle of joy! (Alright, George!)  My girl says when I kiss her lips, Gets a thrill through her fingertips, Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah, she say ya do. (Bop shuop)  Well, I talk about boys, Don't ya know I mean boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, Aaahhh, boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, What a bundle of joy!
Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains. And they ain't the kind that you can see. Whoa, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me, yeah.  Chains, well I can't break away from these chains. Can't run around, 'cause I'm not free. Whoa, oh, these chains of love won't let me be, yeah.  I wanna tell you, pretty baby, I think you're fine. I'd like to love you, But, darlin', I'm imprisoned by these...  Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains, And they ain't the kind that you can see, Oh, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me.  Please believe me when I tell you, Your lips are sweet. I'd like to kiss them, But I can't break away from all of these...  Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains. And they ain't the kind that you can see. Whoa, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me, yeah.  Chains, chains of love...
You'll never know how much I really love you, You'll never know how much I really care,  Listen, do you want to know a secret, Do you promise not to tell, Whoa..... Closer let me whisper in your ear, Say the words you long to hear, I'm in love with you oo.  I've known the secret for a week or two, Nobody knows just we two. Listen, do you want to know a secret, Do you promise not to tell, Whoa..... Closer let me whisper in your ear, Say the words you long to hear, I'm in love with you oo, oo, oo, oo.....
Well she was just seventeen You know what I mean And the way she looked was way beyond compare So how could I dance With another Oh - When I saw her standing there  Well she looked at me And I - I could see That before too long I'd fall in love with her So she wouldn't dance With another Oh - When I saw her standing there  Well my heart went zoom when I cross'd that room, And I held her hand in mine Oh we danced through the night And we held each other tight And before too long I fell in love with her Now I'll never dance With another Oh - when I saw her standing there Since I saw her standing there
Love, love me do You know I love you I'll always be true So please love me do Wo ho love me do  Love, love me do You know I love you I'll always be true So please love me do Wo ho love me do  Someone to love Somebody new Someone to love Someone like you  Love, love me do You know I love you I'll always be true So please love me do Wo ho love me do  Love, love me do You know I love you I'll always be true So please love me do Wo ho love me do
The world is treating me bad - Misery I'm the kind of guy Who never used to cry But now you're treating me bad - Misery I've lost you now, I'm sure I won't see you no more It's gonna be a drag - Misery I remember all the little things we've done, You'll remember and you'll be the lonely one, only one Please come back to me 'Cause ev'ryone can see Without you I will be - in Misery  I'm the kind of guy Who never used to cry But now you're treating me bad - Misery I've lost you now, I'm sure I won't see you no more It's gonna be a drag - Misery I remember all the little things we've done, You'll remember and you'll be the lonely one, only one Please come back to me 'Cause ev'ryone can see Without you I will be - in Misery
As I write this letter Send my love to you Remember that I'll always Be in love with you Treasure these few words till we're together, Keep all my love forever P.S. I love you-you-you-you I'll be coming home again to you love, And till the day I do love P.S. I love you-you-you-you As I write this letter Send my love to you Remember that I'll always Be in love with you
Last night I said these words to my girl I know never even try girl Come on, come on, come on, come on Please please me oh yeh like I please you  You don't need me to show the way love Why do I always have to say love Come on, come on, come on, come on Please please me oh yeh like I please you  I don't want to sound complain But you know there's always rain in my heart I do all the pleasing with you It's so hard to reason with you Oh yeh why do you make me love?  Last night I said these words to my girl I know never even try girl Come on, come on, come on, come on Please please me oh yeh like I please you
There - there's a place Where I can go When I feel low When I feel blue And it's my mind And there's no time When I'm alone  I - I think of you And things you do Go round my head The things you've said Like I love Only my In my mind there's no sorrow Don't you know that it's so? There'll be no sad tomorrow Don't you know that it's so?  There - there's a place Where I can go When I feel low When I feel blue And it's my mind And there's no time When I'm alone  There - oh there's a place Oh there's a place...
Well, shake it up, baby, now, (shake it up, baby) Twist and shout. (twist and shout) C'mon c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now, (come on baby) Come on and work it on out. (work it on out)  Well, work it on out, honey. (work it on out) You know you look so good. (look so good) You know you got me goin', now, (got me goin') Just like I knew you would. (like I knew you would)  Well, shake it up, baby, now, (shake it up, baby) Twist and shout. (twist and shout) C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now, (come on baby) Come on and work it on out. (work it on out)  You know you twist your little girl, (twist, little girl) You know you twist so fine. (twist so fine) Come on and twist a little closer, now, (twist a little closer) And let me know that you're mine. (let me know you're mine)  Well, shake it up, baby, now, (shake it up, baby) Twist and shout. (twist and shout) C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now, (come on baby) Come on and work it on out. (work it on out)  You know you twist your little girl, (twist, little girl) You know you twist so fine. (twist so fine) Come on and twist a little closer, now, (twist a little closer) And let me know that you're mine. (let me know you're mine)  Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (shake it up baby) Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (shake it up baby) Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (shake it up baby)
Whenever I want you around yeh All I gotta do Is call you on the phone and you'll come running home, Yeh that's all I gotta do  And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all I'll be here, yes I will whenever you call You just gotta call on me, Yeh - you just gotta call on me Oh - You just gotta call on me - Mm  And when I - I wanna kiss you yeh All I gotta do Is whisper in your ear the words you want to hear And I'll be kissing you And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be there, yes I will Whenever you can - you just gotta call on me Yeh - you just gotta call on me  And when I - I wanna kiss you yeh All I wanna do Is call you on the phon and you'll come running home, Yeh that's all I gotta do  And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all I'll be here, yes I will whenever you call You just gotta call on me, Yeh - you just gotta call on me Oh - You just gotta call on me - Mm
Close your eyes and I'll kiss you Tomorrow I'll miss you Remember I'll always be true And then while I'm away I'll write home everyday And I'll send all my loving to you  I'll pretend that I'm kissing The lips I am missing And I hope that my dreams will come true And then while I'm away I'll write home everyday And I'll send all my loving to you All my loving I will send to you All my loving darling, I be true Close your eyes and I'll kiss you Tomorrow I'll miss you Remember I'll always be true And then while I'm away I'll write home everyday And I'll send all my loving to you  All my loving I will send to you All my loving darling, I be true All my loving All my loving All my loving I will send to you
She's got the devil in her heart But her eyes they tantalize She's gonna tear your heart apart Oh her lips are really thrilling  I'll take my chances for romance is So important to me She'll never hurt me She won't desert me She's an angel sent to me  She's got the devil in her heart No, no, this I can't believe She's gonna tear your heart apart No, no nay will she deceive  I can't believe that she'll ever ever go Not when she hugs and says she loves me so She'll never hurt em She won't desert me Listen can't you see  She's got the devil in her heart Oh, no, no, no, this I can't believe She's gonna tear your heart apart No no nay will she deceive  Don't take chances if your romance is So important to you She'll never hurt me She won't desert me She's an angel sent to me  She's got the devil in her heart Oh, no, no, no, no this I can't believe She's gonna tear your heart apart No, no nay will she deceive  She's got the devil in her heart No she's an angel sent to me She's got the devil in her heart No she's an angel sent to me
Since she's been gone I want no one to talk to me It's not the same, But I am to blame, It's plain to see So go away - leave me alone Don't bother me  I can't believe That she would leave me on my own It's just not right when ev'ry night I'm all alone I've got no time for you right now Don't bother me I know I'll never be the same If I don't get her back again Because I know she'll always be The only girl for me  But till she's here Please don't come near, just stay away I'll let you know when she's come home. Until that day Don't come around, leave me alone Don't bother me  I've got no time for you right now Don't bother me I know I'll never be the same If I don't get her back again Because I know she'll always be The only girl for me  But till she's here Please don't come near, just stay away I'll let you know when she's come home. Until that day Don't come around, leave me alone Don't bother me Don't bother me
It feels so right now Hold me tight Tell me I'm the only one And then I might Never be the lonely one. So hold me tight tonight, tonight it's you You, you, you-oo-oo-oo oo  Hold me tight Let me go on loving you tonight Tonight making love to only you So hold me tight tonight, tonight it's you You, you, you-oo-oo-oo oo  Don't know what it means to hold you tight, Being here alone tonight with you It feels so right now Hold me tight Tell me I'm the only one And then I might Never be the lonely one. So hold me tight tonight, tonight it's you You, you, you-oo-oo-oo oo  Don't know what it means to hold you tight, Being here alone tonight with you It feels so right no Hold me tight Let me go on loving you tonight Tonight making love to only you So hold, hold me tight tonight, tonight it's you You, you, you-oo-oo-oo oo You-oo-oo
I wanna be your lover, babe - I wanna be your man I wanna be your lover, babe - I wanna be your man Love you like no other, babe - Like no other can Love you like no other, babe - Like no other can  I wanna be your man - I wanna be your man I wanna be your man - I wanna be your man  Tell me that you love me, babe - Let me you understand Tell me that you love me, babe - I wanna be your man I wanna be your lover, babe - I wanna be your man I wanna be your lover, babe - I wanna be your man  I wanna be your man - I wanna be your man I wanna be your man - I wanna be your man  I wanna be your lover, babe - I wanna be your man I wanna be your lover, babe - I wanna be your man Love you like no other, babe - Like no other can Love you like no other, babe - Like no other can  I wanna be your man - I wanna be your man I wanna be your man - I wanna be your man I wanna be your man - I wanna be your man I wanna be your man ...
It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh Till I belong to you  Ev'ry night when evr'rybody has fun Here am I sitting all on my own It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh Till I belong to you  Since you left me I'm so alone Now you're coming - you're coming on home I'll be good like I know I should, You're coming home You're coming home  Ev'ry night the tears come down from my eyes Ev'ry day I've done nothing but cry It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh Till I belong to you  Since you left me I'm so alone Now you're coming - you're coming on home I'll be good like I know I should, You're coming home You're coming home  Ev'ry day we'll be happy I know Now I know that you won't leave me no more It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh yeh It won't be long, yeh yeh Till I belong to you
Little child - Little child Little child won't you dance with me I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me  Little child - Little child Little child won't you dance with me I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me  If you want someone to make you feel so fine, Then we'll have some fun When you're mine, all mine So come on, come on, come on  Little child - Little child Little child won't you dance with me I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me  When you're by my side you're the only one Don't you run and hide Just come on, So come on, come on, come on  Little child - Little child Little child won't you dance with me I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me Oh yeh - Baby take a chance with me
The best things in life are free But you can tell me 'bout the birds and bees. Now gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want.  Money don't get everything it's true. What it don't get I can't use. So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want.  Yeh gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want.  Your lovin' give me a thrill But your lovin' don't pay my bill. Now gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want.  Money don't get everything it's true. What it don't get I can't use. So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want.  Yeh gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want.
You know you made me cry I see no use in wond'ring why I cried for you  And now you've changed your mind I see no reason to change mine I cried it's through Oh, you're giving me the same old line I'm wond'ring why, you hurt me then You're back again No, no, no, Not a second time You know you made me cry I see no use in wond'ring why I cried for you - yeh  And now you've changed your mind I see no reason to change mine I cried it's through Oh, you're giving me the same old line I'm wond'ring why, you hurt me then You're back again No, no, no, Not a second time
Wait, oh yes wait a minute mister postman Wait, wait mister postman  Mister postman look and see You got a letter in your bag for me I been waiting such a long time Since I heard from that girl of mine  There must be some word today From my girlfriend so far away Please mister postman look and see If there's a letter, a letter for me I been standing here waiting mister postman So patiently For just a card or just a letter Saying she's returning home to me  So many days you passed me by See the tear standing in my eye You didn't stop to make me feel better By leaving me a card or a letter  You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta check it and see, one more time for me  Wait Wait Wait Deliver the letter, the sooner the better  Wait
Well I'm awrite a little letter, gonna mail it to my local D.J., Yes it's a jumpin' little record I want my jockey to play; Roll over Beethoven, I gotta hear it again today.  You know my temp'rature's risin' and the jukebox blowin' a fuse, My heart's beatin' rhythm and my soul keeps asingin' the blues; Roll over Beethoven and tell Tchaikowsky the news.  I got the rockin' pneumonia, I used a shot of rhythm and blues, I caught the rollin' arthritis, sittin' down at a rhythm review; Roll over Beethoven, they're rockin' in two by two.  Well, if you feel you like it, go get your lover, The reel and rock it, roll it over, Then move on up just a trifle further, The reel and rock with one another, roll over Beethoven, Dig these rhythm and blues.  Well, early in the mornin' and I'm givin' you my warnin', Don't you step on my blue suede shoes; Hey, diddle diddle, I'm a playin' my fiddle. Ain't got nothin' to lose; Roll over, Beethoven and tell Tchaikowsky the news.  You know she wiggles like a glow-worm, Dance like a spinnin' top, She got a crazy partner, You oughta see 'em reel and rock; Long as she's got a dime, the music won't ever stop.  Roll over, Beethoven, roll over Beethoven, Roll over, Beethoven, roll over Beethoven, Roll over, Beethoven and dig these rhythm and blues.
There were bells on a hill But I never heard them ringing No I never heard them at all Till there was you  There were birds in the sky But I never saw them winging No I never saw them at all Till there was you  Then there was music and wonderful roses They tell me in sweet fragrant meadows of dawn and you  There was love all around But I never heard it singing No I never heard it at all Till there was you  Then there was music and wonderful roses They tell me in sweet fragrant meadows of dawn and you  There was love all around But I never heard it singing No I never heard it at all Till there was you  Till there was you
I don't like you But I love you See that I'm always Thinking of you Oh, oh, oh, You treat me badly I love you madly You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me, baby  I don't want you, But I need you Don't want to kiss you But I need you Oh, oh, oh You do me wring now My love is strong now You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me, baby  I love you and all I want you to do Is just hold me, hold me, hold me, hold me  I want to leave you Don't want to stay here Don't want to spend Another day here Oh, oh, oh, I want to split now I just can quit now You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me, baby  I love you and all I want you to do Is just hold me, hold me, hold me, hold me  You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me
It's been a hard day's night And I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the thing that you do Will make me feel all right  You know I work all day To get money to buy you things And it's worth if just to hear you say You're gonna give me everything So why I love to come home Cos when I get you alone You know I'll feel okay  When I'm home everything seems to be right When I'm home feeling you holding me tight, tight, yeah  It's been a hard day's night And I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the thing that you do Will make me feel all right So why I love to come home Cos when I get you alone You know I'll feel okay  When I'm home everything seems to be right When I'm home feeling you holding me tight, tight, yeah  It's been a hard day's night And I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the thing that you do Will make me feel all right You know I feel alright, you know I feel alright
I give her all my love That's all I do And if you saw my love You'd love her too I love her  She gives me everything And tenderly The kiss my lover brings She brings to me And I love her  A love like ours Could never die As long I have you near me  Bright are the stars that shine Dark is the sky I know this love of mine Will never die And I love her  Bright are the stars that shine Dark is the sky I know this love of mine Will never die And I love her
Can't buy me love, oh, love, oh Can't buy me love, oh I'll buy you a diamond ring, my friend If it makes you feel all right I'll get you anything my friend If it makes you feel all right 'Cause I don't care too much for money For money can't buy me love  I'll give you all I got to give If you say you love me too I may not have a lot to give Not what I've got I'll give to you I don't care too much for money For money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, oh Everybody tells me so Can't buy me love, oh No, no, no ...no!  Say you don't need no diamonmd rings And I'll be satisfied Tell me that you want the kind of things That money just can't buy I don't care too much for money Money can't buy me love Buy me love Everybody tells me so Can't buy me love No, no, no ...no!  Say you don't need no diamond rings And I'll be satisfied Tell me that you want the kind of things That money just can't buy I don't care too much for money Money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, oh, love, oh Buy me love
Can't buy me love, oh, love, oh Can't buy me love, oh I'll buy you a diamond ring, my friend If it makes you feel all right I'll get you anything my friend If it makes you feel all right 'Cause I don't care too much for money For money can't buy me love  I'll give you all I got to give If you say you love me too I may not have a lot to give Not what I've got I'll give to you I don't care too much for money For money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, oh Everybody tells me so Can't buy me love, oh No, no, no ...no!  Say you don't need no diamonmd rings And I'll be satisfied Tell me that you want the kind of things That money just can't buy I don't care too much for money Money can't buy me love Buy me love Everybody tells me so Can't buy me love No, no, no ...no!  Say you don't need no diamond rings And I'll be satisfied Tell me that you want the kind of things That money just can't buy I don't care too much for money Money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, oh, love, oh Buy me love
I should have known better with a girl like you That I would love ev'rything that you do And I do, Hey hey hey, and I do, Whoa whoa  Never realised what a kiss could be This could only happen to me Can't you see, can't you see  That when I tell you that I love you oh You're gonna say you love me too, Hoo hoo hoo hoo Oh And when I ask you to be mine You're gonna say you love me too So oh, should have realised a lot of things before If this is love you've gotta give me more give me more, hey hey hey, give me more, Whoa whoa You love me too, you love me too...
If I fell in love with you would you promise to be true And help me understand, 'cos I've been in love before And I found that love was more than just holding hands  If I give my heart to you, I must be sure From the very start that you would love me more than her If I trust in you oh please don't run and hide If I love you too oh please don't hurt my pride like her  'Cos I couldn't stand the pain and I would be sad If our new love was in vain So I hope you see that I Would love to love you and that she will cry When she learns we are two  'Cos I couldn't stand the pain and I would be sad If our new love was in vain So I hope you see that I Would love to love you and that she will cry When she learns we are two If I fell in love with you.
You know If you break my heart I'll go But I'll be back again Cos I told you once before goodbye That I came back again  I love you so I'm the one who wants you Yes I'm the one who wants you oh... oh  You could have better things to do Than to break my heart today This time I would try to show That I'm not trying to pretend  I thought that you would realise That if I run away from you Then you would want me to That I got a big surprise oh... oh  You could have better things to do Than to break my heart today This time I would try to show That I'm not trying to pretend  I wanna go But I hate to leave you You know I hate to leave you oh... oh  You if you break my heart I'll go But I'll be back again
I've got ev'ry reason on earth to be mad 'Cause I've just lost the only girl I had If I could get my way I'd get myself locked up today but I can't So I cry instead  I've got a chip on my shoulder that's bigger than my feet I can't talk to people that I meet If I could see you now I'd try to make you say it somehow but I can't So I cry instead Don't want to cry when there's people there I get shy when they start to stare I'm gonna hide myself away ay-hay But I'll come back again someday  And when I do you'd better hide all the girls I'm gonna break their hearts all 'round the world Yes I'm gonna break them in two And show you what your lovin' man can until then I'll cry instead.
Before this dance is through I think I'll love you too I'm happy just to dance with you I don't wanna kiss or hold your hand If it's funny try an' understand There is really nothing else I'd rather do 'Cos I'm happy just to dance with you I don't need to hug or hold you tight I just wanna dance with you all night In this world there's nothing I would rather do 'Cos I'm happy just to dance with you  just to dance with you Is ev'rything I need Before this dance is through I think I'll love you too I'm so happy when you dance with me If somebody tries to make my place Let's pretend we just can't see his face In this world there's nothing I would rather do 'Cos I'm happy just to dance with you  just to dance with you Is ev'rything I need Before this dance is through I think I'll love you too I'm so happy when you dance with me If somebody tries to make my place Let's pretend we just can't see his face In this world there's nothing I would rather do I've discovered I'm in love with you Oh oh 'Cos I'm happy just to dance with you Oh oh Oh oh Oh
Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me Well I gave you ev'rything I had But you left me sitting on my own Did you have to treat me oh so bad All I do is hang my head and moan  Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me If there's something I have said or done Tell me what and I'll apologise If you don't I really can't go on Holding back these tears in my eyes  Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me Well I beg you on my bended knees If you'll only listen to my pleas Is there anything I can do 'Cos I really can't stand it I'm So in love with you Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me Tell Me Why, you cried and why you lied to me.
You say you will love me if I have to go You be thinking of me Some how I will know Someday when I'm lonely Wishing you weren't so far away Then I will remember Things we said today You say you be me girl Till the end of time These days such a kind girl Seems so hard to find Someday when we're dreaming Deep in love not a lot to say Then we will remember Things we said today  We are just a lucky kind Loted to hear you say that love is love And though we may be blind Love is here to stay and that's enough To make you my girl Be the only one Love me all the time girl We'll go on and on  We are just a lucky kind Loted to hear you say that love is love And though we may be blind Love is here to stay and that's enough To make you my girl Be the only one Love me all the time girl We'll go on and on Someday when we're dreaming Deep in love not a lot to say Then we will remember Things we said today
Who ah Who ah I got whole lot of things to tell her When I get home  Come on I'm on my way 'cos I'm agonna see my baby today I've got a whole lot of things I've gotta say to her Who ah Whoa ah I got a whole lot of things to tell her when I get home When I'm getting home tonight I'm gonna hold her tight I'm gonna love her till the cows come home I bet I'll love her more till I walk out that door again  Come on if you please I've got no time for trivilities I've got a girl who's waiting home for me tonight Who ah Who ah I got a whole lot of things to tell her when I get home When I'm getting home tonight I'm gonna hold her tight I'm gonna love her till the cows come home I bet I'll love her more till I walk out that door again  Come on let me through I've got so many things iI've got to do I've got no bus'ness being here with you this way Who ah Who ah I got a whole lot of things to tell her when I get home When I'm getting home tonight I'm gonna hold her tight I'm gonna love her till the cows come home I bet I'll love her more till I walk out that door again  Who ah I got whole lot of things to tell her When I get home Yeah I got whole lot of things to tell her When I get home
I got something to say that might cause you pain If I catch you talking to that boy again I'm gonna let you down and leave you flat Because I told you before, oh, You Can't Do That  Well it's the second time I've caught you talking to him Do I have to tell you one more time I think it's a sin I think I'll let you down (let you down) And leave you flat (gonna let you down and leave you flat) Because I've told you before, Oh, You Can't Do That Ev'rybody's green 'Cause I'm the one who won your love, but if it's seen You're talkin that way, they'd laugh in my face.  So please listen to me if you wanna stay mine I can't help my feelings I'll go out of my mind I know I'll let you down (let you down) And leave you flat (gonna let you down and leave you flat) Because I've told you before, oh, You Can't Do That.
Oh dear what can I do Baby's in Black And I'm feeling blue tell me, oh what can I do She thinks of him and she dresses in black And though he'll never come back she's dressed in black.  Oh dear what can I do Baby's in Black And I'm feeling blue. Tell me, oh what can I do I think of her but she thinks only of him And though it's only a whim she thinks of him.  Oh how long will it take till she sees the mistake She made? Dear what can I do Baby's in Black And I'm feeling blue. Tell me, oh what can I do?  She thinks of him and she dresses in black And though he'll never come back she's dressed in black. Oh dear what can I do Baby's in Black And I'm feeling blue. Tell me, oh what can I do?
Ooh I need your love babe Guess you know it's true Hope you need my love babe Just like I need you Hold me, love me, hold me, love me I ain't got nothing but love babe Eight days a week  Love you everyday girl Always on my mind One thing I can say girl Love you all the time Hold me, love me, hold me, love me I ain't got nothing but love babe Eight days a week Eight days a week I love you Eight days a week Is not enough to show I care  Ooh I need your love babe Guess you know it's true Hope you need my love babe Just like I need you Hold me, love me, hold me, love me I ain't got nothing but love babe Eight days a week Eight days a week I love you Eight days a week Is not enough to show I care  Love you everyday girl Always on my mind One thing I can say girl Love you all the time Hold me, love me, hold me, love me I ain't got nothing but love babe Eight days a week Eight days a week Eight days a week
When I'm walking beside her People tell me I'm lucky Yes I know I'm a lucky guy I remember the first time I was lonely without her Yes I'm thinking about her now  Ev'ry little thing she does she does for me yeah And you know the things she does she does for me yeah  When I'm with her I'm happy Just to know that she loves me Yes I know that she loves me now There is one thing I'm sure of I will love her forever For I know love will never die  Ev'ry little thing she does she does for me yeah And you know the things she does she does for me oo Ev'ry little thing.....
Well they took some honey from the tree, dressed it up and they called it me. Everybody's trying to be my baby, everybody's trying to be my baby, Everybody's trying to be my baby now.  Woke up last night, half past four, Wicked woman knocking at my door.  Went out last night, I didn't stay late, Called her home, had a nice teen date.
Well how can you say you will when you won't, Say you do, baby, when you don't?  Tell the truth now, is love real?  But oh well honey don't, well honey don't, Honey don't, honey don't, honey don't I say you will when you won't, oh honey, don't.  Well I love you, baby, and you ought to know I like the way you wear your clothes, Everything about you is so doggone sweet, You got that sand all over your feet.  [Oh, rock on George, one time for me.] [I feel fine.] [I'm sad.]  Well sometimes I love you on a Saturday night, Sunday morning you don't look right. You've been out painting the town, uh baby, been stepping around.  [Oh, rock on George, for Ringo one time.]
I don't want to spoil the party so I'll go I would hate my disappointment to show There's nothing for me here so I will disappear If she turns up while I'm gone please let me know I've had a drink or two and I don't care There's no fun in what I do if she's not there I wonder what went wrong I've waited far too long I think I'll take a walk and look for her Though tonight she's made me sad I still love her if I find her I'll be glad I still love her  I don't want to spoil the party so I'll go I would hate my disappointment to show There's nothing for me here so I will disappear If she turns up while I'm gone please let me know I've had a drink or two and I don't care There's no fun in what I do if she's not there I wonder what went wrong I've waited far too long I think I'll take a walk and look for her Though tonight she's made me sad I still love her if I find her I'll be glad I still love her
One day you'll look to see I've gone For tomorrow may rain so I'll follow the sun Some day you'll know I was the one But tomorrow may rain so I'll follow the sun  And now the time has come and so my love I must go And though I lose a friend In the end you will know Oh, One day you'll look to see I've gone For tomorrow may rain so I'll follow the sun
I'm A Loser, I'm A Loser and I'm not what I appear to be.  Of all the love I have won or have lost There is one love I should never have crossed She was the girl in a million my friend I should have known she would win in the end. I'm A Loser and I lost someone who's near to me I'm A Loser and I'm not what I appear to be Although I laugh and I act like a clown Beneath this mask I am wearing a frown My tears are falling like rain from the sky Is it for her or myself that I cry I'm A Loser and I lost someone who's near to me I'm A Loser and I'm not what I appear to be  What have I done to deserve such a fate I realize I have left it to late And so it's true pride comes before a fall I'm telling you so that you won't lose all. I'm A Loser and I lost someone who's near to me I'm A Loser and I'm not what I appear to be
Ah Kansas City Going to get my baby back home I'm going to Kansas City Going to get my baby back home Well its a long long time too My baby's been gone  Ah, Kansas City Going get my baby one time I'm going to Kansas City Going get my baby one time Its a just a 1-2-3-4, 5-6-7-8-9  Hey hey hey hey (hey hey hey hey) Hey, baby (hey, baby) Ooh now girl (yeah, yeah) I said yeah now, huh (girl, girl) Now now now now tell me baby What's been wrong with you  Hey hey hey hey (hey hey hey hey) Hey now baby (hey baby) Ooh now girl (yeah, yeah) I said yeah now, huh (girl, girl) Now now now now tell me baby What's been wrong with you  I said bye (bye bye bye bye) Bye bye baby bye bye (bye bye bye bye) So long (so long so long) Bye bye baby I'm gone (bye bye bye bye) I said bye bye baby Bye, bye, bye, bye  Bye now bye (bye bye bye bye) Bye now baby bye (bye bye bye bye)
Mr. Moonlight You came to me one summernight and from your beam you made my dream, And from the world you sent my girl and from above you sent us love, And now she's mine. I think you're fine 'cause we love you, Mr. Moonlight.  Mr. Moonlight, come again please, here I am on my knees, Begging if you please, and the nights you don't come my way. I'll pray and pray more each day, 'cause we love you, Mr. Moonlight, Mr. Moonlight.
This happened once before when I came through your door, No Rep-ly They said it wasn't you but I saw you peep through your window I saw the light, I saw the light I know thet you saw me 'cos I looked up to see your face  I tried to telephone they said you were not home that's a lie 'Cos I know where you've been I saw you walk in your door I nearly died, I nearly died 'Cos you walked hand in hand with another man in my place  If I were you I'd realise that I love you more than any other guy And I'll forgive the lies that I heard before When you gave me no reply, No Reply, No Reply...
Just let me hear some of that Rock And Roll Music, Any old way you choose it; It's got a back beat, you can't lose it, Any old time you use it. It's gotta be rock roll music, If you wanna dance with me. If you wanna dance with me.  I've got no kick against modern jazz, Unless they try to play it too darn fast; And change the beauty of the melody, Until they sound just like a symphony.  That's why I go for that Rock And Roll Music, Any old way you choose it; It's got a back beat, you can't lose it, Any old time you use it. It's gotta be rock roll music, If you wanna dance with me. If you wanna dance with me.  I took my loved one over 'cross the tracks, So she can hear my man a wail a sax; I must admit they have a rockin' band, Man, they were goin' like a hurrican'.  That's why I go for that Rock And Roll Music, Any old way you choose it; It's got a back beat, you can't lose it, Any old time you use it. It's gotta be rock roll music, If you wanna dance with me. If you wanna dance with me.  'Way down South they gave a jubilee, The jokey folks they had a jamboree; They're drinkin' home brew from a water cup, The folks dancin' got all shook up.  And started playin' that Rock And Roll Music, Any old way you choose it; It's got a back beat, you can't lose it, Any old time you use it. It's gotta be rock roll music, If you wanna dance with me. If you wanna dance with me.  Don't care to hear 'em play a tango, I'm in the mood to hear a mambo; It's 'way too early for a congo, So keep a rockin' that piano. So I can hear some of that Rock And...
Look what you're doing I'm feeling blue and lonely Would it be too much to ask of you what you're doing to me  You got me running And there's no fun in it Why should it be so much to ask of you what you're doing to me  I've been waiting here for you Wond'ring what you're gonna do Should you need a love that's true it's me.  Please stop your lying You got me crying girl Why should it be so much to ask of you what you're doing to me. what you're doing to me.
Hold me close and tell me how you feel Tell me love is real Words of love you whisper soft and true Darling I love you  Let me hear you say the words I long to hear Darling when you're near Words of love you whisper soft and true Darling I love you
They're gonna put me in the movies They're gonna make a big star out of me We'll make a film about a man that's sad and lonely And all I gotta so is act naturally  Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can plat the part so well  Well I hope you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally  We'll make the scene about a man that's sad and lonely And beggin down upon his bended knee I'll play the part but I won't need rehearsal All I gotta do is act naturally  Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can plat the part so well  Well I hope you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally
For I have got Another Girl Another girl you're naking me say that I've got nobody but you But as from today well I've got somebody that's new I ain't no fool and I don't take what I don't want  For I have got Another Girl, Another girl she's sweeter than all the girls and I've met quite a few Nobody in all the world can do what she can do And so I'm telling you this time you'd better stop  For I have got Another Girl Another girl who will love me till the end Through thick and thin she will always be my friend I don't wanna say that I've been unhappy with you But as from today well I've seen somebody new I ain't no fool and I don't take what I don't want  For I have got Another Girl
You make me dizzy, Miss Lizzie, The way you rock'n'roll. You make me dizzy, Miss Lizzie, When we do the stroll. Come on, Miss Lizzie, love me fore I grow too old.  Come on, give me fever, Put your little hand in mine. You make me dizzy, Miss Lizzie, Girl, you look so fine. You're just a-rockin' and a-rollin', I sure do wish you were mine.  You make me dizzy, Miss Lizzie, When you call my name. O-o-o-o-oh baby, Say you're driving me insane. Come on, come on, come on, baby, I want to be your lover man.  Run and tell your mama I want you to be my bride. Run and tell your brother, Baby, don't run and hide. You make me dizzy, Miss Lizzie, And I want to marry you.  Come on, give me fever, Put your little hand in mine. You make me dizzy, Miss Lizzie, Girl, you look so fine. You're just a-rockin' and.a-rollin', I sure do wish you were mine.
Help! I need somebody Help! Not just anubody Help! You know I need someone Help! When I was younger, so much younger than today, I never needed anybody's help in any way And now these days have gone I'm not so self assured Now I find I've changed my mind I've opened up the doors Help me if you can I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please please help me?  And now my life has changed in oh, so many ways My independence seems to vanish in the haze But every now and then I feel so insecure I know that I just need you like I've never done before Help me if you can I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please please help me?  When I was younger, so much younger than today, I never needed anybody's help in any way And now these days have gone I'm not so self assured Now I find I've changed my mind I've opened up the doors Help me if you can I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please please help me? Help me help me ooh.
You don't realize how much I need you Love you all the time and never leave you Please come on back to me I'm lonely as can be  Said you had a thing or two to tell me How was I to know you would upset me I didn't realize as I looked in your eyes, I need you  You told me, oh yes you told me You don't want my lovin' anymore That's when it hurt me and feeling like this I just don't go on anymore  Please remember how I feel about you I could never really live without you, So, come on back and see Just what you mean to me  I need you, I need you, I need you
I get high when I see you go by My oh my when you sigh my my inside just dries Butterflies why I am so shy when I'm beside you It's only love and that is all why should I feel the way I do It's only love and that is all But it's so hard loving you  Is it right that you and I should fight Ev'ry night just the sight of you makes night-time bright Very bright haven't I the right to make it up girl It's only love and that is all why should I feel the way I do It's only love and that is all But it's so hard loving you Yes it's so hard loving you loving you
I've just seen a face I can't forget the time or place where we just met, She's just the girl for me and I want all the world To see we've met  mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm  Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again  Had it been another day I might have looked the other way and I'd have never been aware but as it is I'll dream Of her tonight  mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm  Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again  I have never known The like of this I've been alone and i have missed Things and kept out of sight for other girls Wew never quite like this  mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again
If you let me take your heart I will prove to you, We will never be apart if I'm part of you. Open up your eyes now, tell me what you see. It is no suprise now, what you see is me. Big and black the clouds may be, time will pass away. If you put your trust in me I'll make bright your day. Look into these eyes now, tell me what you see. Don't you realise now, what you see is me. Tell me what you see. Listen to me one more time, how can I get through? Can't you try to see that I'm trying to get to you? Open up your eyes now, tell me what you see. It is no suprise now, what you see is me. Tell me what you see. Listen to me one more time, how can I get through? Can't you try to see that I'm trying to get to you? Open up your eyes now, tell me what you see. It is no suprise now, what you see is me.
We said our goodbyes (On the night before) Love was in your eyes (On the night before) Now today I find you have changed your mind Treat me like you did the night before  Were you telling lies (On the night before) Was I so unwise (On the night before) When I held you near you were so sincere Treat me like you did the night before  Last night is the night I will remember you by When I think of things we did it makes me wanna cry  We said our goodbyes (On the night before) Love was in your eyes (On the night before) Now today I find you have changed your mind Treat me like you did the night before  When I held you near you were so sincere Treat me like you did the night before  Last night is the night I will remember you by When I think of things we did it makes me wanna cry  Were you telling lies (On the night before) Was I so unwise (On the night before) When I held you near you were so sincere Treat me like you did the night before Like the night before
I think I'm gonna be sad, I think it's today, yeh The girl that's driving me mad, is going away She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride But she don't care She said that living with me is bringing her down, yeh For she would never be free when I was around She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride But she don't care  I don't know why she's riding so high She ought to think right, she ought to do right by me Before she gets saying goodbye She ought to think right, she ought to do right by me  I think I'm gonna be sad, I think it's today, yeh The girl that's driving me mad, is going away She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride But she don't care I don't know why she's riding so high She ought to think right, she ought to do right by me Before she gets saying goodbye She ought to think right, she ought to do right by me  She said that living with me is bringing her down, yeh For she would never be free when I was around She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride She's got a ticket to ride But she don't care  My baby don't care My baby don't care
I've just seen a face I can't forget the time or place where we just met, She's just the girl for me and I want all the world To see we've met  mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm  Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again  Had it been another day I might have looked the other way and I'd have never been aware but as it is I'll dream Of her tonight  mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm  Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again  I have never known The like of this I've been alone and i have missed Things and kept out of sight for other girls Wew never quite like this  mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm Falling - yes I'm falling And she keeps calling me back again
Though you've gone away this morning you'll be back again to-night Telling me there'll be no next time if I just don't treat you right You'll never leave me and you know it's true. 'Cause you like me too much and I like you  You've tried before to leave me but you never had the nerve To walk out and make me lonely which is all that I deserve You'll never leave me and you know it's true. 'Cause you like me too much and I like you  I really do and it's nice when you believe me if you leave me I will follow you and bring you back where you belong 'Cause I couldn't really stand it I admit that I was wrong I wouldn't let you leave me 'cause it's true.  'Cause you like me too much and I like you 'Cause you like me too much and I like you
You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl)  If you don't take her out tonight she's going to change her mind (She's going to change her mind) And I will take her out tonight and I will treat her kind (I'm going to treat her kind) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl)  If you don't treat her right my friend you're going to find her gone (You're going to find her gone) 'Cos I will treat her right and then you'll be the lonely one (You're going to be the lonely one) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl)  I'll make a point of taking her away from you (Watch what you do) yeah The way you treat her what else can I do You're going to lose that girl You're going to lose that girl You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl)  I'll make a point of taking her away from you (Watch what you do) yeah The way you treat her what else can I do  If you don't take her out tonight she's going to change her mind (She's going to change her mind) And I will take her out tonight and I will treat her kind (I'm going to treat her kind) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl) You're going to lose that girl (Yes yes You're going to lose that girl)
Here I stand with head in hand Turn my face to the wall If she's gone I can't go on Feeling two foot small Everywhere people stare Each and every day I can see them laugh at me And I hear them say  Hey, you've got to hide your love away! Hey, you've got to hide your love away!  How can I ever try? I can never win Hearing them, seeing them In the state I'm in "Love will find a way?" Gather 'round all you clowns, Let me hear you say Hey, you've got to hide your love away! Hey, you've got to hide your love away!
Asked a girl what she wanted to be She said, "baby can't you see?" I wanna be famous, star of the screen But you can do something in between Baby you can drive my car Yes. I'm gonna be a star Baby you can drive my car and maybe I'll love you  I told that gril that my prospects were good And she said baby, it's understood Working for peanuts is all very fine But I can show you a better time Baby you can drive my car Yes. I'm gonna be a star Baby you can drive my car and maybe I'll love you Baby you can drive my car Yes. I'm gonna be a star Baby you can drive my car and maybe I'll love you  I told that girl I could start right away And she said "listen to me, I've got something to say" I got no car and it's breaking my heart But I've found a driver and that's a start Baby you can drive my car Yes. I'm gonna be a star Baby you can drive my car and maybe I'll love you  Beep beep Beep beep yeh Beep beep yeh
Is there anybody going to listen to my story, All about the girl who came to stay, She's the kind of girl you want so much it makes you sorry, Still you son't regret a single day. Ah, Girl, (oothss) Girl, Girl.  When I think of all the times I tried so hard to leave her, She will turn to me and start to cry, And she promises the earth to me and I believe her, After all this time I don't know why. Ah, Girl, (oothss) Girl, Girl.  She's the kind of girl who puts you down, When friends are there, you feel a fool. (Tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu) When you say she's looking good, She acts as if it's understood, She's cool, ooh, ooh, ooh, Girl, (oothss) Girl, Girl.  Was she told when she was young that pain would lead to pleasu-re, Did she understand it when they said, That a man must break his back to earn his day of leasure, Will she still believe it when he's dead. Ah, Girl, (oothss) Girl, Girl. Ah, Girl, (oothss) .....
If I needed someone to love, you're the one that I'd be thinking of, If I needed someone, if I had some more time to spend, Then I guess I'd be with you my friend, if I needed someone. Had you come some other day, then it might not have been like this, But you see now I'm too much in love. Carve your number on my wall and maybe you will get a call from me, If I needed someone, Ah.... Ah..... Ah..... Ah....  Had you come some other day, then it might not have been like this, But you see now I'm too much in love. Carve your number on my wall and maybe you will get a call from me, If I needed someone, Ah.... Ah..... Ah..... Ah....
I'm looking through you Where did you go I thought I knew you What did I know You don't look dif'rent But you have changed I'm looking through you You're not the same  You're lips are moving I cannot hear Your voice is soothing But the words aren't clear You don't sound dif'rent I've learnt the game I'm looking through you You're not the same  Why tell me why did you not treat me right Love has a nasty habit of disappearing over night You're thinking of me The same old way You were above me But not today The only diff'rence is you're down there I'm looking through you And you're nowhere  Why tell me why did you not treat me right Love has a nasty habit of disappearing over night I'm looking through you Where did you go I thought I knew you What did I know You don't look dif'rent But you have changed I'm looking through you You're not the same  Yeh, I tell you you've changed I'm looking through you...
There are places I remember all my life, Though some have changed Some forever, not for better Some have gone, and some remain  All these places had their moments With lovers and friends I still can recall Some are dead and some are living In my life I've loved them all  But of all these friends and lovers There is no one compares with you, And these mem'ries lose their meaning When I think of love as something new  Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before, I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I'll love you more  Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before, I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I'll love you more In my life I'll love you more
Michelle ma belle These are words that go together well My Michelle Michelle ma belle Sont les mots qui vont trs bien ensemble, trs bien ensemble  I love you, I love you, I love you That's all I want to say Until I find away I will say the only words I know that you understand  Michelle ma belle Sont les mots qui vont trs bien ensemble, trs bien ensemble  I need you, I need you, I need you I need to make you see Oh what you mean to me Until I do, I'm hoping you will know what I mean I love you  I want you, I want you, I want you I think you know by now I'll get to you somehow Until I do I'm telling you so you'll understand  Michelle ma belle Sont les mots qui vont trs bien ensemble, trs bien ensemble  And I will say the only words I know you'll understand My Michelle
I once had a girl or should I say she once had me She showed me her room isn't it good Norwegian wood? She asked me to stay and she told me to sit anywhere So I looked around and I noticed there wasn't a chair  I sat on a rug biding my time Drinking her wine We talked until two and then she said It's time for bed She told me she worked in the morning And started to laugh I told her I didn't and crawled off to sleep in the bath  And when I awoke I was alone This bird had flown So I lit a fire isn't it good Norwegian wood?
He's a real nowhere man Sitting in his nowhere man Making all his nowhere plans for nobody  Doesn't have a point of view Knows not where he's going to Isn't he a bit like you and me?  Nowhere man, please listen You don't know what you're missing Nowhere man the world is at your command  He's as blind as he can be Just sees what he wants to see Nowhere man can you see me at all?  Nowhere man, don't worry Take your time, don't hurry Leave it all till somebody else lends you a hand  Nowhere man, please listen You don't know what you're missing Nowhere man the world is at your command  He's a real nowhere man Sitting in his nowhere man Making all his nowhere plans for nobody Making all his nowhere plans for nobody Making all his nowhere plans for nobody
I'd rather see you dead, little girl than to be with another man. You'd better keep your head, little girl, or I won't know where I am. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, hide your head in the sand, little girl Catch you with another man, that's the end, little girl  Well you know that I'm a wicked guy and I was born with a jealous mind. And I can't spend my whole life tryin' just to make you toe the line. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, hide your head in the sand, little girl Catch you with another man, that's the end, little girl  Let this be a sermon, i mean ev'rything I said. Baby, I'm determined and I'd rather see you dead. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, hide your head in the sand, little girl Catch you with another man, that's the end, little girl  I'd rather see you dead, little girl than to be with another man. You'd better keep your head, little girl, or I won't know where I am. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, hide your head in the sand, little girl Catch you with another man, that's the end, little girl
Say the word and you'll be free Say the word and be like me Say the word I'm thinking of Have you heard the word is love It's so fine it's sunshine It's the word love  In the beginning I misundestood But now I've got it the word is good Say the word and you'll be free Say the word and be like me Say the word I'm thinking of Have you heard the word is love It's so fine it's sunshine It's the word love  Ev'rywhere I go I hear it said In the good and the bad books that I have read Say the word and you'll be free Say the word and be like me Say the word I'm thinking of Have you heard the word is love It's so fine it's sunshine It's the word love  Now that I know what I feel must be right I mean to show ev'rybody the light  Give the word a chance to say That the word is just the way It's the word I'm thinking of And the only word is love It's so fine it's sunshine It's the word love  Say the word love Say the word love Say the word love Say the word love
I've got a word or two to say about the things that you do You're telling all those lies about the good things that we can have if we close your eyes Do what you want to do, and go where you're going to Think for yourself 'cause I won't be there with you I left you far behind the ruins of the life that you had in mind And though you still can't see I know your mind's made up, you're gonna cause more misery Do what you want to do, and go where you're going to Think for yourself 'cause I won't be there with you  Although your mind's opaque, Try thinking more if just your own sake The future still looks good and you've got time to rectify all the things that you should Do what you want to do, and go where you're going to Think for yourself 'cause I won't be there with you Think for yourself 'cause I won't be there with you
It's been a long time Now I'm coming back home, I've been away now, Oh how I've been alone Wait till I come back to your side We'll forget the tears we cried.  But if your heart breaks, Don't wait turn me away; And if your heart's strong, Hold on I won't delay Wait till I come back to your side We'll forget the tears we cried.  I feel as though you ought to know that I've been good as good as I can be. And if you do. I'll trust in you And know that you will wait for me. It's been a long time, Now I'm coming back home, I've been away now, Oh how I've been alone Wait till I come back to your side We'll forget the tears we cried.  I feel as though you ought to know that I've been good as good as I can be. And if you do. I'll trust in you And know that you will wait for me. But if your heart breaks, Don't wait turn me away; And if your heart's strong, Hold on I won't delay Wait till I come back to your side We'll forget the tears we cried.  It's been a long time, Now I'm coming back home, I've been away now, Oh how I've been alone.
What goes on in your heart, What goes on in your mind. You are tearing me a part When you treat me so unkind, What goes on in your mind.  The other day I saw you as I walked along the road, But when I saw him with you I could feel my future fold, It's so easy for a girl like you to lie, Tell me why.  What goes on in your heart, What goes on in your mind. You are tearing me a part When you treat me so unkind, What goes on in your mind.  I met you in the morning waiting for the tides of time, But now the tide is turning I can see that I was blind, It's so easy for a girl like you to lie, Tell me why.  What goes on in your heart, I used to think of no one else But you were just the same, You didn't even think of me As someone with a name, Did you mean to break my heart And watch me die, Tell me why.  What goes on in your heart, What goes on in your mind. You are tearing me a part When you treat me so unkind, What goes on in your mind. In your mind, in your mind.
When I call you up your line's engaged, I have had enough so act you age We have lost the time that was so hard to find And I will lose my mind If You won't see me (You won't see me) You won't see me (You won't see me)  I don't know why you should want to hide, But I can't get through my hands are tied, I won't want to stay I don't have much to say But I can turn away And You won't see me (You won't see me) You won't see me (You don't see me) Time after time you refuse to even listen I wouldn't mind if I knew what I was missing (No I wouldn't no I wouldn't)  Though the days are few they're filled with tears, And since I lost you it feels like years, Yes it seems so long girl since you've been gone I just can't go on If You won't see me (You won't see me) You won't see me (You won't see me)
You tell me that you've got everything you want and your bird can sing but you don't get me You don't get me  When you prized possessions start to wear you down Look in my direction I'll be round - I'll be round You say you've seen seven wonders and your bird is green but you can't see me You can't me  When your bird is broken will it bring you down You may be awoken I'll be round - I'll be round Tell me that you've heard ev'ry sound there is And your bird can swing but you can't hear me You can't hear me.
Ring my friend I said you'd call Doctor Robert Day or night he'll be there anytime at all Doctor Robert, Doctor Robert You're a new and better man, He helps you to understand He does ev'rything he can Doctor Robert  If you are down he'll pick you up Doctor Robert Take a drink from his special cup Doctor Robert, Doctor Robert He's a man you must believe, Helping ev'ry one in need No one can succeed Doctor Robert, Like Doctor Robert Well, well, well you're feeling fine Well, well, well he'll make you Doctor Robert  My friend works with the National Health Doctor Robert Don't pay money just to see yourself with Doctor Robert, Doctor Robert You're a new and better man, He helps you to understand He does ev'rything he can Doctor Robert  Well, well, well you're feeling fine Well, well, well he'll make you Doctor Robert Ring my friend I said you'd call Doctor Robert...
Ah, Look at all the lonely people. Eleanor Rigby picks up the rice in the church Where a wedding has been Lives in a dream Waits at the window, wearing the face that she keeps in a jar by the door. Who is it for? All the lonely people, where do they all come from All the lonely people, where do they all belong  Father Mckenzie, writing the words of a sermon that no-one will hear No-one comes near. Look at him working, darning his stocks in the night when the-re's nobody there. What does he care? All the lonely people, where do they all come from All the lonely people, where do they all belong  Ah, Look at all the lonely people. Eleanor Rigby died in the church and was buried a long with her name Nobody came. Father Mckenzie wiping the dirt from his hands as he walks from the grave. No one was saved. All the lonely people, where do they all come from? (Ah - Look at all the lonely people) All the lonely people, where do they all belong? (Ah - Look at all the lonely people)
Your day breaks Your mind aches You find that all her words of kindness linger on when she no longer needs you She wakes up She makes up She takes her time and doesn't feel she has to hurry She no longer needs you.  And in her eyes you see nothing No sign of love behind the tears cried For No One A love that should have lasted years. You want her You need her And yet you don't believe her when she says her love is dead you think she needs you And in her eyes you see nothing No sign of love behind the tears cried For No One A love that should have lasted years.  You stay home She goes out She says that long ago she knew someone but now he's gone she doesn't need him Your day breaks Your mind aches There will be times when all the things you said will fill your head you won't forget her And in her eyes you see nothing No sign of love behind the tears cried For No One A love that should have lasted years.
Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, I need to laugh, and when the sun is out I've got something I can blab about I feel good In a special way, I'm in love and it's a sunny day.  Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, We take a walk, the sun is shining down Burns my feet as they touch the ground.  Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, And then we lie beneath a shady tree I love her and she's loving me She feels good, she knows she's looking fine I'm so proud to know that she is mine.  Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine, Good Day Sunshine.
I was alone I took a ride I didn't know what I would find there Another road where maybe I could see another kind of mind there ooh, Then I suddenly see you, ooh, did I tell you I need you Ev'ry single day of my life, got to get you into my life  You didn't run you didn't lie you knew I wanted just to hold you And had you gone you knew in time we'd meet again for I had told you oo, You were meant to be near me, oogh, And I want you to hear me Say we'll be together ev'ryday, what are you doing to my life  What can I do what can I be when I'm with you I want to stay there If I'm true I'll never leave and if I do I know the way there ooh, Then I suddenly see you, ooh, did I tell you I need you Ev'ry single day of my life, got to get you into my life I got to get you into my life...
To lead a better life I need my love to be here Here making each day of the year Changing my life with a wave of her hand Nobody can deny that there's something there  There running my hands through her hair Both of us thinking how good it can be Someone is speaking but she doesn't know he's there  I want her her ev'rywhere and if she's beside me I know I need never care But to love her is to meet her ev'rywhere Knowing that love is to share  Each one believing that love never dies Watching her eyes and hoping I'm always there To be there and ev'rywhere Here there and ev'rywhere
I Want To Tell You, my head is filled with things to say When you're here, all those words they seem to slip away When I get near you, the games begin to drag me down It's alright, I'll make you maybe next time around  But if I seem to act unkind it's only me, it's not my mind That is confusing things, I Want To Tell You I feel hung up and I don't know why I don't mind, I could wait forever I've got time  Sometimes I wish I knew you well Then I could speak my mind and tell you Maybe you'd understand, I Want To Tell You I feel hung up and I don't know why I don't mind, I could wait forever I've got time I've got time, I've got time...
When I wake up early in the morning Lift my head I'm still yawning when I'm in the middle of a dream Stay in bed float up stream (float up stream) Please don't wake me no don't shake me Leave me where I am I'm only sleeping  Ev'rybody seems to think I'm lazy I don't mind I think they're crazy running ev'rywhere at such a speed Till they find there's no need (there's no need) Please don't spoil my day I'm miles away and after all I'm only sleeping  Keeping an eye on the world going by my window Taking my time lying there and staring at the ceiling waiting for a sleeping feeling Please don't wake me, no don't shake me Leave me where I am I'm only sleeping  Keeping an eye on the world going by my window Taking my time When I wake up early in the morning Lift my head I'm still yawning when I'm in the middle of a dream Stay in bed float up stream (float up stream) Please don't wake me no don't shake me Leave me where I am I'm only sleeping
Each day just goes so fast I tun around it's past You don't get time to hang a sign on me Love me while you can before I'm a dead old man  Alife time is so short a new one can't be bought But what you've got means such a lot to me Make love all day long make love singing songs Make love all day long make love singing songs  There's people standing round who'll screw you in the ground They'll fill you in with all their sins you'll see I'll make love to you if you want me to
She said I know what it's like to be dead I know what it is to be sad And she's making me feel like I've never been born I said who put all those things in your hair Things that make me feel that I'm mad And you're making me feel like I've never been born  She said you don't understand what I said I said No no no you're wrong when I was a boy ev'rything was right ev'rything was right I said even though you know what you know I know that I'm ready to leave 'Cos you're making me feel like I've never been born  She said you don't understand what I said I said No no no you're wrong when I was a boy ev'rything was right ev'rything was right I said even though you know what you know I know that I'm ready to leave 'Cos you're making me feel like I've never been born  She said (She said) I know what it's like to be dead (I know what it's like to be dead) I know what it is to be sad (I know what it is to be sad)...
Let me tell you how it will be There's one for you nineteen for me 'cos I'm the Taxman Yeah I'm the Taxman  Should five percent appear too small Be thankful I don't take it all 'cos I'm the Taxman Yeah I'm the Taxman  If you drive a car I'll tax the street, if you try to sit I'll tax your seat, if you get too cold I'll tax the heat, if you take a walk, I'll tax your feet, Taxman  Don't ask me what I want it for (Taxman Mister Wilson) If you don't want to pay some more (Taxman Mister Heath) 'cos I'm the Taxman Yeah I'm the Taxman Now my advice for those who die Beware the pennies on your eyes 'cos I'm the Taxman Yeah I'm the Taxman And you're working for no-one but me (Taxman) Tell Me What You See  If you let me take your heart I will prove to you We will never be apart If I'm part of you Open up your eyes now Tell me what you see It is no surprise now what you see is me  Big and black the clouds may be Time will pass away If you put your trust in me I'll make bright your day Look into these eyes now Tell me what you see Don't you realise now What you see is me Tell me what you see  Listen to me one more time How can I get through Can't you try to see that I'm Trying to get to you Open up your eyes now Tell me what you see It is no surprise now What you see is me mm mm mm mm mm
Turn off your mind relax and float down stream It is not dying It is not dying lay down all thoughts surrender to the void It is shining It is shining Yet you may see the meaning of with in It is being It is being That love is all and love is ev'ryone It is knowing It is knowing And ignorance and hate may mourn the dead It is believing It is believing But listen to the colour of your dreams It is not leaving It is not leaving So play the game "Existence" to the end of the beginning of the beginning  of the beginning of the beginning...
In the town where I was born lived a man who sailed to sea And he told us of his life, in the land of submarines. So we sailed on to the sun, till we found the sea of green And we lived beneath the waves in our Yellow Submarine  We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine. And our friends are all abord Many more of them live next door And the band begins to play.  We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine. As we live a life of ease, Ev'ry one of us has all we need Sky of blue and sea of green In our Yellow Submarine.  We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine.
I read the news today oh boy About a lucky man who made the grade And though the news was rather sad Well I just had to laugh I saw the photograph. He blew his mind out in a car He didn't notice that the lights have changed A crowd of people stood and stared They'd seen his face before Nobody was really sure If he was from the House of Lords. I saw a film today oh boy The English Army had just won the war A crowd of people turned away But I just had to look Having read the book I'd love to turn you on.  Woke up, fell out of bed, Dragged my comb across my head Found my way downstairs and drank a cup, And looking up I noticed I was late. Found my way coat and grabbed my hat Made the bus in seconds flat Found my way upstairs and had a smoke, Somebody spoke and I went into a dream.  I read the news today oh boy Four thousand holes in Blackburn, Lancashire And though the holes were rather small They had to count them all Now they know how many holes it takes to fill the Albert Hall. I'd love to turn you on.
For the benefit of Mr. Kite There will be a show tonight on trampoline The Hendersons will all be there Late of Pablo Fanques Fair - what a scene Over men and horses hoops and garters Lastly through a hogshead of real fire! In this way Mr. K. will challenge the world! The celebrated Mr. K. Performs his feat on Saturday at Bishopsgate The Hendersons will dance and sing As Mr. Kite flys through the ring don't be late Messrs. K. and H. assure the public Their production will be second to none And of course Henry The Horse dances the waltz!  The band begins at ten to six When Mr. K. performs his tricks without a sound And Mr. H. will demonstrate Ten summersets he'll undertake on solid ground Having been some days in preparation A splendid time is guaranteed for all And tonight Mr. Kite is topping the bill
I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in And stops my mind from wandering Where it will go I'm filling the craks that ran through the door And kept my mind from wandering Where it will go And it really doesn't matter if I'm wrong I'm right Where I belong I'm right Where I belong. See the people standing there who disagree and never win And wonder why they don't get in my door I'm painting my room in the colourful way And when my mind is wandering There I will go And it really doesn't matter if I'm wrong I'm right Where I belong I'm right Where I belong. Silly people run around they worry me And never ask me why they don't get past my door I'm taking the time for a number of things That weren't important yesterday And I still go I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in And stops my mind from wandering Where it will go
It's getting better all the time I used to get mad at my school The teacher's that taught me weren't cool You're holding me down Filling me up with your rules I've got to admit it's getting better A little better all the time I have to admit it's getting better It's getting better since you've been mine Me used to be angry young man Me hiding me head in the sand You gave me the word I finally heard I'm doing the best that I can I've got to admit it's getting better I used to be cruel to my woman I beat her and kept apart from the things that she loved Man I was mean but I'm changing my scene And I'm doing the best that I can I admit it's getting better A little better all the time Yes I admit it's getting better It's getting better since you've been mine...
Good morning, good morning... Nothing to do to save his life call his wife in Nothing to say but what a day how's your boy been Nothing to do it's up to you I've got nothing to say but it's O.K. Good morning, good morning...  Going to work don't want to go feeling low down Heading for home you start to roam then you're in town Everybody knows there's nothing doing Everything is closed it's like a ruin Everyone you see is half asleep. And you're on your own you're in the street.  After a while you start to smile now you feel cool Then you decide to take a walk by the old school. Nothing had changed it's still the same I've got nothing to say but it's O.K. Good morning, good morning...  People running round it's five o'clock Everywhere in town is getting dark Everyone you see is full of life. It's time for tea and meet the wife Somebody needs to know the time, glad that I'm here.  Watching the skirts you start to flirt now you're in gear. Go to show you hope she goes. I've got nothing to say but it's O.K. Good morning, good morning...
Lovely Rita meter maid, Lovely Rita meter maid Lovely Rita meter maid, Nothing can come between us, When it gets dark I tow your heart away. Standing by a parking meter, When I caught a glimpse of Rita, Filling in a ticket in her little white book. In a cap she looked much older, And the bag across her shoulder Made her look a little like a military man. Lovely Rita meter maid, May I inquire discreetly, When are you free to take some tea with me. Took her out and tried to win her, Had a laugh and over dinner, Told her I would really like to see her again, Got the bill and Rita paid it, Took her home I nearly made it, Sitting on the sofa with a sister or two. Oh, lovely Rita meter maid, Where would I be without you, Give us a wink and make me think of you.
Picture yourself in a boat on a river With tangerine trees and marmelade skies Somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly, A girl with kaleidoscope eyes Cellophane flowers of yellow and green, Towering over your head Look for the girl with the sun in her eyes, And she's gone Lucy in the sky with diamonds Follow her down to a bridge by a fountain Where rocking horse people eat marshmallow pies, Everyone smiles as you drift past the flowers That grow so incredibly high. Newspaper taxis appear on the shore Waiting to take you away Climb in the back with your head in the clouds And you're gone  Lucy in the sky with diamonds Picture yourself on a train in a station With plasticine porters with looking glass ties Suddenly someone is there at the turnstile The girl with the kaleidoscope eyes Lucy in the sky with diamonds...
It was twenty years ago today, Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play, They've been going in and out of style But they've guaranteed to raise a smile. So may I introduce to you The act you've known for all these years Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. We're Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band We hope you will enjoy the show, We're Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Sit Back and let the evening go. Sgt. Pepper's lonely, Sgt. Pepper'lonely, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band It's wonderful to be here It's certainly a thrill You're such a lovely audience We'd like to take you home with us we'd like to take you home I don't really like to stop the show But I thought that you might like to know That the singer's going to sing a song And he wants you all to sing along So let me introduce to you The one and only Billy Shears And Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
We're Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band We hope you have enjoyed the show. Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band We're sorry but it's time to go. Sergeant Pepper's lonely Sergeant Pepper's lonely Sergeant Pepper's lonely Sergeant Pepper's lonely Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band We'd like to thank you once again Sergeant Pepper's one and only Lonely Hearts Club Band It's getting ver near the end Sergeant Pepper's lonely Sergeant Pepper's lonely Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Wednesday morning at five o'clock as the day begins Silently closing her bedroom door Leaving the note that she hoped would say more She goes downstairs to the kitchen clutching her handkerchief Quietly turning the backdoor key Steppping outside she is free She (We gave her most of our lives) is leaving (Sacrificed most of our lives) home (We gave her everything money could buy) She's leaving home after living alone For so many years. Bye, bye  Father snores as his wife gets into her dressing gown Picks up the letter that's lying there Standing alone at the top of the stairs She breaks down and cries to her husband Daddy, our baby's gone Why could she treat us so thoughtlessly Why could she do this to me She (We never thought for ourselves) is leaving (Never a thought for ourselves) home (We struggled hard all our lives to get by) She's leaving home after living alone For so many years. Bye, bye  Friday morning at nine o'clock she is far away Waiting to keep the appointment she made Meeting a man from the motor trade She (What did we do was wrong) is having (We didn't know it was wrong) fun (Fun is the one thing that money can't buy) Something inside was laways denied For so many years. Bye, bye She's leaving home bye, bye
When I get older losing my hair, Many years from now. Will you still be sending me a Valentine Birthday greetings bottle of wine. If I'd been out till quarter to three Would you lock the door, Will you still need me, will you still feed me, When I'm sixty-four You'll be older too, And if you say the word, I could stay with you. I could be handy, mending a fuse When your lights have gone. You can knit a sweater by the fireside Sunday morning go for a ride, Doing the garden, digging the weeds, Who could ask for more. Will you still need me, will you still feed me, When I'm sixty-four Every summer we can rent a cottage, In the Isle of Wight, if it's not too dear We shall scrimp and save Grandchildren on your knee Vera Chuck & Dave Send me a postcard, drop me a line Stating point of view Indicate precisely what you mean to say Yours sincerely, wasting away Give me your answer, fill in a form Mine for evermore Will you still need me, will you still feed me. When I'm sixty-four
What would you do if I sang out of tune Would you stand up and walk out on me. Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song And I'll try not to sing out of key. Oh I get by with a little help from my friends Oh I get high with a little help from my friends Going to try with a little help from my friends What do I do when my love is away (Does it worry you to be alone) How do I feel by the end of the day (Are you sad because you're on your own) No I get by with a little help from my friends Do you need anybody I need somebody to love Could it be anybody I want somebody to love Would you believe in a love at first sight Yes I'm certain that it happens all the time What do you see when you turn out the light I can't tell you, but I know it's mine Oh I get by with a little help from my friends Do you need anybody I just need somebody to love Could it be anybody I want somebody to love I get high with a little help from my friends Yes I get by with a little help from my friends With a little help from my friends
We were talking - about the space between us all And the people - who hide themselves behind a wall of illusion Never glimpse of truth - then it's far too late - when they pass away We were talking - about the love we could all share - when we find it To try our best to hold it there - with our love With our love - We could save the world - if they only knew Try to realise it's all within yourself no-one else can make you change And to see you're really only very small, and life flows on wit-hin and wit-hout you We were talking - about the love that's gone so cold and the people, Who gain the world and lose their soul - then you may find, pea-ce of mind, is waiting there And the time will come when you see we're all one, and life flows on within and without you
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love  There's nothing you can do that can't be done Nothing you can sing that can't be sung Nothing you can say but you learn how to play the game. It's easy All you need is love All you need is love All you need is love  Love That is all you need Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love There's nothing you can make that can't be made No-one you can save that can't be saved Nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time It's easy All you need is love All you need is love All you need is love  Love That is all you need There's nothing you can know that isn't known Nothing you can see that isn't shown Nowhere you can be that isn't where you meant to be All you need is love All you need is love All you need is love  Love That is all you need All you need is love - All together now All you need us love - everybody All you need is love  Love That is all you need That is all you need ( That is all you need )...
How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people Now that you know who you are what do you want to be And have you traveled very far, far as the eye can see How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people How often have you been there often enough to know What did you see when you were there nothing that doesn't show  Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too You keep all your money in a big brown bag inside a zoo What a thing to do Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too  How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people Tuned to a natural E happy to be that way No that you've found another key what are you going to play Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too You keep all your money in a big brown bag inside a zoo What a thing to do  Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too...
There's a fog upon L.A. And my friends have lost their way We'll be over soon they said Now they've lost themselves instead. Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long for I may be asleep Well it only goes to show And I told them where to go Ask a policeman on the street There's so many there to meet Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long for I may be asleep Now it's past my bed I know And I'd really like to go Soon will be breath of day Sitting here in Blue Jay Way Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long for I may be asleep Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long Don't be long - Don't be long - Don't be long Don't be long - Don't be long - Don't be long
You say yes I say no You say stop and I say go go go Oh no You say goodbye and I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello  I say high you say low You say why and I say I don't know Oh no You say goodbye and I say hello (Hello goodbye hello goodbye) hello hello (Hello goodbye) I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello (Hello goodbye hello goodbye) hello hello (Hello goodbye) I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello (Hello goodbye) Why why why why why why do you say goodbye goodbye  Oh no You say goodbye and I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello  You say yes (I say yes) I say no (But I may mean no) You say stop (I can stay) And I say (till it's time to go) go go go Oh Oh no You say goodbye and I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello Hello Hela heba heloa cha cha - Hela heba heloa...
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together See how they fly like pigs from a gun see how they fly, I'm cry-i-ng. Sitting on a cornflake - waiting for the van to come. Corporation teashirt, stupid bloody tuesday man you been a nau-ghty boy you let your face grow long. I am the eggman, they are the eggmen - I am the walrus GOO GOO GOO JOOB City policemen sitting pretty little policemen in a row, see how they fly like Lucy in the sky - see how they run I'm crying - I'm crying - I'm crying Yellow matter custard dripping from a dead dogs eye. Crabalocker fishwife pornographic priestess boy you been a nau-ghty girl, you let you kni-ckers down I am the eggman, they are the eggmen - I am the walrus GOO GOO GOO JOOB Sitting in an English garden waiting for the sun, if the sun don't come, you get a tan from standing in the Eng-lish rain I am the eggman, they are the eggmen - I am the walrus GOO GOO GOO JOOB Expert texpert choking smokers don't you think the joker laughs at you? Hahaha! See how they smile, like pigs in a sty, see how they snied. I'm crying Semolina pilchard climbing up the Eiffel Tower. Elementry penguin singing Hare Krishna man you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allen POE. I am the eggman, they are the eggmen - I am the walrus GOO GOO GOO JOOB GOO GOO GOO JOOB GOO GOOGOO-OOOOOOOO-OJOOOOOB
Roll up for the magical mystery tour, step up right this way Roll up - roll up for the Mystery Tour Roll up roll up for the Mystery Tour  I've got an invitation To make a reservation The Magical Mystery Tour is waiting to take you away Waiting to take you away  Roll up, roll uo for the Mystery Tour They've got everything you need Satisfaction guaranteed The Magical Mystery Tour is hoping to take you away Hoping to take you away  Aaaaah - The Magical Mystery Tour Roll up - roll up for the Mystery Tour  I've got an invitation To make a reservation The Magical Mystery Tour is coming to take you away Coming to take you away The Magical Mystery Tour is dying to take you away Dying to take you away - take you today
In Penny Lane there is a barber showing photographs of ev'ry head he's had the pleasure to know And all the people that come and go stop and say "Hello" On the corner is a banker with a motor car the little children laugh at him behind his back And the banker never wears a mack in the pouring rain  Very strange Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes There beneath the blue suburban skies I sit, and meanwhile back in Penny Lane there is fireman with an hourglass and in his pocket in a portrait of the Queen He likes to keep his fire engine clean it's a clean machine  Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes A full of fish and finger pies in summer meanwhile back behind the shelter in the middle of the roundabout the pretty nurse is selling poppies from a tray And tho' she feels as if she's in a play she is anyway  In Penny Lane the barber shaves another customer we see the banker sitting waiting for a trim And then the fireman rushes in from the pouring rain  Very strange Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes There beneath the blue suburban skies I sit, and meanwhile back Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes There beneath the blue suburban skies Penny Lane
Let me take you down 'cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields Nothing is real and nothing to get hung about Strawberry Fields Forever Living is easy with eyes closed Misunderstanding all you see It's getting hard to be someone but it all works out It doesn't matter much to me  Let me take you down 'cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields Nothing is real and nothing to get hung about Strawberry Fields Forever No-one I think is in my tree I mean it must be high or low That is you can't you know tune in but it's all right That is I think it's not too bad  Let me take you down 'cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields Nothing is real and nothing to get hung about Strawberry Fields Forever Always no sometimes think it's me But you know I know and it's a dream I think I know of thee ah, yes but it's all wrong That is I think I disagree  Let me take you down 'cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields Nothing is real and nothing to get hung about Strawberry Fields Forever Strawberry Fields Forever, Strawberry Fields Forever
Day after day alone on a hill, the man with a foolish grin is keeping perfectly still But nobody wants to know him, they can see that he's just a fool as he never gives an answer But the fool on the hill sees the sun going down And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round. Well on the way, head in a cloud, the man of a thousand voices talking perfect-ly loud But nobody ever hears him or the sound he appears to make and he never seems to notice But the fool on the hill sees the sun going down And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round. And nobody seems to like him they can tell what he wants to do And he never shows his feelings but the fool on the hill Sees the sun going down and the eyes in his head see the world spinning round. He never listens to them He know that they're the fools They don't like him The fool on the hill sees the sun going down And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round.
Let's all get up and dance to a song That was a hit before your mother should know Though she was born a long long time ago Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Sing it again Lift up your hearts and sing me a song That was a hit before your mother was born Though she was born a long long time ago Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Sing it again Though she was born a long long time ago Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Your Mother should know - your Mother should know
Flew in from Miami Beach, B.O.A.C. Didn't get to bed last night On the way the paper bag was on my knee Man I had a dreadful flight I'm back in the USSR You don't know how lucky you are boy Back in the USSR.  Been away so long I hardly knew the place Gee - it's good to be back home Leave it till tomorrow to unpack my case Honey disconnect the phone I'm back in the USSR You don't know how lucky you are boy Back in the US.. - Back in the US.. Back in the USSR.  Well the Ukraine girls really knock me out They leave the west behind And Moscow girls make me sing and shout That Georgia's always on my-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mind Ooh - Come on I'm back in the USSR You don't know how lucky you are boy Back in the USSR.  Well the Ukraine girls really knock me out They leave the west behind And Moscow girls make me sing and shout That Georgia's always on my-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mind Ooh Show me round your snow peaked mountains way down south Take me to your daddy's farm Let me hear your balalaikas ringing out Come and keep your comrad warm  I'm back in the USSR - Hey You don't know how lucky you are boys  Back in the USSR. Oh - yeah
You say it's your birthday, It's my birthday too, yeah, They say it's your birthday, We're gonna have a good time, I'm glad it's your birthday, Happy birthday to you. Yes we're going to a party, party, Yes we're going to a party, party, Yes we're going to a party, party, I would like you to dance ( birthday ) Take a cha-cha-cha-chance ( birthday ) I would like you to dance ( birthday ) I would like you to dance ( birthday ) Take a cha-cha-cha-chance ( birthday ) You say it's your birthday, It's my birthday too, yeah, They say it's your birthday, We're gonna have a good time, I'm glad it's your birthday, Happy birthday to you.
Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly All your life you were only waiting for this moment to arise  Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these sunken eyes and learn to see All your life you were only waiting for this moment to be free  Blackbird fly Blackbird fly Into the light of the dark black night Blackbird fly Blackbird fly Into the light of the dark black night  Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly All your life you were only waiting for this moment to arise you were only waiting for this moment to arise you were only waiting for this moment to arise
Cry baby cry Make your mother sigh She's old enough to know better  The King of Marigold was in the kitchen cooking breakfast for the queen The queen was in the parlour playing piano for the children of the king Cry baby cry Make your mother sigh She's old enough to know better So cry baby cry  The king was in the garden picking flowers for a friend who came to play The queen was in the playroom painting pictures for the childrens holiday Cry baby cry Make your mother sigh She's old enough to know better So cry baby cry  The Duchess of Kircaldy always smiling and arriving late for tea The duke was having problems with a message at the local Bird and Bee Cry baby cry Make your mother sigh She's old enough to know better So cry baby cry  At Twelve o'clock a meeting 'round the table for a seance in the dark With voices out of nowhere put on specially by the children for a lark Cry baby cry Make your mother sigh She's old enough to know better So cry baby cry  Cry baby cry cry cry baby Make your mother sigh She's old enough to know better So cry baby cry cry cry cry Make your mother sigh She's old enough to know better So cry baby cry
Dear Prudence won't you come out to play Dear Prudence greet the brand new day ha-hay hay The sun is up, the sky is blue, It's beautiful and so are you Dear Prudence, Won't you come out to play  Dear Prudence open your eyes, Dear Prudence see the sunny ski-hi-hi-ies. The wind is low, the birds will sing That you are part of everything Dear Prudence Won't you open your eyes  Look around, 'round Look around, 'round, 'round Look around  Dear Prudence let me see you smile Dear Prudence like a little chi-hi-hi-ld The clouds will be a daisy chain So let me see you smile again Dear Prudence Won't you let me see you smile.   Dear Prudence won't you come out to play Dear Prudence greet the brand new day ha-hay hay The sun is up, the sky is blue, It's beautiful and so are you Dear Prudence, Won't you come out to play
I Listen for your footsteps coming up the drive Listen for your footsteps but they don't arrive Waiting for your knock dear on my old front door I don't hear it Does it mean you don't love me any more  I Hear the clock aticking on the mantel shelf See the hands amoving but I'm by myself I wonder where you are tonight and why I'm by myself I don't see you Does it mean you don't love me any more  Don't pass me by don't make me cry don't make me blue 'Cause you know darling I love only you You'll never know it hurt me so How I hate to see you go Don't pass me by Don't make me cry  I'm Sorry that I doubted you I was so unfair You were in a car crash and you lost your hair You said that you would be late about an hour or two I said that's allright I'm waiting here just waiting to hear from you  Don't pass me by don't make me cry don't make me blue 'Cause you know darling I love only you You'll never know it hurt me so How I hate to see you go Don't pass me by Don't make me cry
Come on, Come on, Come on, Come on.  Come on is such a joy, Come on is such a joy, Come on is take it easy Come on is take it easy Take it easy - take it easy Ev'rybody's got something to hide Except me and my monkey  (Hey) The deeper you go, The higher you fly. The higher you fly, The deeper you go So Come on, Come on Come on is such a joy, Come on is such a joy, Come on is take it easy Come on is take it easy  Take it easy. Take it easy Ev'rybody's got something to hide Except me and my monkey  Your inside is out, And your outside is in. Your outside is in, And your inside is out. So Come on, Come on Come on is such a joy, Come on is such a joy, Come on is take it easy Come on is take it easy  Take it easy. Take it easy Ev'rybody's got something to hide Except me and my monkey  (hey) c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon
I told you 'bout Strawberry Fields You know the place where nothing is real Well here's another place you can go-wo Where everything flow-ows, Looking through the bent backed fulips To see how the other half live Looking through a glass onion  I told you 'bout the Walrus and me man, You know that we're as close as can be, man. Well here's another clue for you all, The walrus was Paul Standing on a castiron shore yeah. Lady Madonna tryin' to make ends meet yeah, Looking through a glass onion  Oh yeah - oh yeah - oh yeah Looking through a glass onion  I told you 'bout the Fool on the Hill, I tell you man he's living there still Well here's another place you can be, Listen to me Fixing a hole in the ocean Trying to make dovetail joint yeah. Looking through a glass onion.
Now it's time to say good night, good night sleep tight Now the sun turns out his light, good night sleep tight Dream sweet dreams for me, dream sweet dreams for you  Close your eyes and I'll close mine, good night sleep tight Now the moon begins to shine, good night sleep tight Dream sweet dreams for me, dream sweet dreams for you  Mm.....Mm.....Mm.....  Close your eyes and I'll close mine, good night sleep tight Now the sun turns out his light, good night sleep tight Dream sweet dreams for me, dream sweet dreams for you good night, good night ev'rybody Ev'rybody ev'rywhere good night
She's not a girl who misses much, Do do do do do do do Oh yeah She's well aquainted with the touch of the velvet hand Like a lizard on a window pane The man in the crowd with the multicolored mirrors on his hob-nail boots Lying with his eyes while his hands are busy working over-time A soap impression of his wife which he ate and donated to the National Trust  I need a fix 'cause I'm going down Down to the bits I left up town I need a fix 'cause I'm going down  Mother Superior jump the gun - Mother Superior jump the gun Mother Superior jump the gun - Mother Superior jump the gun Mother Superior jump the gun - Mother Superior jump the gun  Happiness is a warm gun Happiness is a warm gun When I hold you in my arms And I feel my finger on your trigger I know no-one can do me no harm because: Happiness is a warm gun Happiness is a warm gun Happiness is a warm, yes it is, gun!
When I get to the bottom I go back to the top of the slide Where I stop and I turn and I go for a ride Till I get to the bottom and I see you again Yeah yeah yeah But do you don't you want me to love you I'm coming down fast I'm miles above you Tell me tell me tell me come on tell me the answer For you may be a lover but you ain't no dancer You're helter skelter Helter skelter Helter skelter Yeah  Oh will you won't you want me to make you I'm coming down fast but don't let me break you Tell me tell me tell me the answer You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer Look out Helter skelter Helter skelter Helter skelter Ooh Look out 'cause here she comes Ah Ah When I get to the bottom I go back to the top of the slide And I stop and I turn and I go for a ride Till I get to the bottom and I see you again Yeah yeah yeah  Well do you don't you want me to make you I'm coming down fast but don't let me break you Tell me tell me tell me the answer You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer Look out Helter skelter Helter skelter Helter skelter Helter skelter she's coming down fast Yes she is - Yes she is - Yes she...
She was a working girl North of England way, Now she's in the bigtime in the U.S.A. And if she could only hear me, this is what I'd say  Honey Pie, you are making me crazy, I'm in love but I'm lazy, So won't you please come home. Honey Pie, my position is tragic, Come and show me the magic of your Hollywood song.  You became a legend of the silver screen, And now the thought of meeting makes me weak in the knee.  Oh, Honey Pie, you are driving me frantic, Sail across the Atlantic To be where you belong Honey Pie, come back to me Oo I like it like that Ooh ah. I like this kind of hot kinds of music, Hot kind of music, play it to me, Play it to me, I got the blues.  Will the wind that blew her boat across the sea Kindly send her sailing back to me. T-t-tee Now Honey Pie, you're making me crazy, I'm in love but I'm lazy, So won't you please come home. Come come back to me, Honey Pie Ha - ha - ha Oo Ah Oo-oo Ah Honey Pie, come back.
Who knows how long I've loved you You know I love you still Will I wait a lonely life time If you want me to I will For if I ever saw you I didn't catch your name But it never really mattered I will always feel the same  Love you forever and ever love you with all my heart Love you whenever we're together Love you when we're apart And when at last I find you Your song will fill the air Sing it loud so I can hear you Make it easy to be near you For the things you do endear you to me Ah you know I will I will  Mm mm Da da da da da da da
I'm so tired I haven't slept a wink I'm so tired my mind is on the blink I wonder should I get up and fix myself a drink No no no  I'm so tired I don't know what to do I'm so tired my mind is set on you I wonder should I call you but I know what you would do  You'd say that I'm putting you on But it's no joke it's doing me harm You know I can't sleep I can't stop my brain You know it's three weeks  I'm so tired I'm feeling so upset Although I'm so tired I'll have another cigarette And curse Sir Walter Raleigh he was such a stupid git  You'd say that I'm putting you on But it's no joke it's doing me harm You know I can't sleep I can't stop my brain You know it's three weeks I'm going insane You know I'd give you ev'rything I've got for a little peace of mind  I'd give you ev'rything I've got for a little peace of mind I'd give you ev'rything I've got for a little peace of mind
Half of what I say is meaningless But I say it just to reach you Julia Julia Julia ocean child calls me So I sing a song of love Julia Julia seashell eyes winding smile calls me So I sing a song of love Julia Her hair of floating sky is shimmering glimmering in the sun Julia Julia morning moon touch me So I sing a song of love Julia When I cannot sing my heart I can only speak my mind Julia Julia Sleeping sand silent cloud touch me So I sing a song of love Julia mm mm mm Calls me so I sing a song of love for Julia Julia Julia
It's been a long long long time How could I ever I lost you When I loved you  It took a long long long time Now I'm so happy I found you How I love you So many tears I was searching So many tears I was wasting Oh oh  Now I can see you be you How I can ever misplace you How I want you Oh I love you You know that I need you Ooh I love you
Martha my dear though I spend my days in conversation Please remember me, Martha my love, don't forget me, Martha my dear  Hold your head up you silly girl Look what you've done When you find yourself in the thick of it Help yourself to a bit of what is all around you. Silly girl, take a good look around you Take a good look you're bound to see That you and me were meant to be For each other silly girl  Hold your hand out you silly girl See what you've done When you find yourself in the thick of it Help yourself to a bit of what is all around you. Silly girl, take a good look around you Take a good look you're bound to see That you and me were meant to be For each other silly girl  Martha my dear you have always been my inspiration Please be good to me, Martha my love, don't forget me, Martha my dear.
Born a poor young country boy, Mother Nature's Son All day long I'm sitting singing songs for ev'ryone  Sit beside a mountain stream, see her waters rise Listen to the sound of pretty music as she flies. Do do do do do do do do do do Do do do do do do do do do do  Find me in a field of grass, Mother Nature's son Swaying daisies sing a lazy song beneath the sun Do do do do do do do do do do Do do do do do do do do Do do do do do do do yay yay yay Mm mm mm ah wa-wa-wa Mother Nature's Son...
Desmond had a barrow in the market place Molly is the singer in a band Desmond says to Molly girl I like your face And Molly says this as she takes him by the hand  Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on  Desmond takes a trolley to the jeweller's store Buys a twenty carat golden ring Takes it back to Molly waiting at the door And as he gives it to her she begins to sing Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on  In a couple of years they have built a home - sweet home With a couple of kids running in the yard Of Desmond and Molly Jones Happy ever after in the market place Desmond lets the children lend a hand Molly stays at home and does her pretty face And in the evening she still sings it with the band - yeah  Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on  In a couple of years they have built a home - sweet home With a couple of kids running in the yard Of Desmond and Molly Jones  Happy ever after in the market place Molly lets the children lend a hand Desmond stays at home and does his pretty face And in the evening he still sings it with the band  Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra-la-la how the life goes on And if you want some fun Take ob-la-dib-la-da
Have you seen the little piggies crawling in the dirt And for all the little piggies life is getting worse Always having dirt to play around in  Have you seen the bigger piggies in their starched white shirts You will find the bigger piggies stirring up the dirt Always have clean shirts to play around in  In their styes with all their backing they don't care what goes on around In their eyes there's something lacking what they need's a damn good whacking  Ev'rywhere there's lots of piggies living piggy lives You can see them out for dinner with their piggy wives Clutching forks and knives to eat their bacon
You say you want a revolution Well you know we all want to change the world You tell me that it's evolution Well you know we all want to change the world But when you talk about destruction Don't you know that you can count me out Don't you know it's gonna be alright Alright alright  You say you got a real solution Well you know we'd all love to see the plan You ask me for a contribution Well you know we're doing what we can But when you want money for people with minds that hate All I can tell you is brother you have to wait Don't you know it's gonna be alright Alright alright  You say you'll change the constitution Well you know we all want to change your head You tell me it's the institution Well you know you better free your mind instead But if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao You ain't going to make it with anyone anyhow Don't you know it's gonna be alright Alright alright  Alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright
Now somewhere in the Black Mountain hills of Dakota the-re lives a young boy named Rocky Raccoon-a And one day his woman ran off with another guy Hit young Rocky in the eye Rocky didn't like that, he said I'm gonna get that boy So one day he walked into town Booked himself a room in the local saloon-a  A Rocky Raccoon checked into his room Only to find Gideon's Bible Rocky had come equipped with a gun To shoot off the legs of his rival His rival it seems had broken his dreams By stealing the girl of his fancy Her name was Magill and she call'd her self Lil But ev'ryone knew Her as Nancy  Now She and her man who called himself Dan Were in the next room at the hoedown Rocky burst in and grinning a grin He said 'Danny boy, this is a show-down But Daniel was hot he drew first and shot And Rocky collapsed in the corner  (Do) d' do d' do d' do do do do d' do d' do d' do do do do d' do d' do d' do do do d' d' do d' d' do d' do do do d' do do do do  (Do) d' do d' do d' do do do do d' do d' do d' do do do do d' do d' do d' do do do d' d' do d' d' do d' do do do d' do do do  Now the doctor came in stinking of gin And proceeded to lie on the table He said "Rocky you met your match" And Rocky said "Doc, it's only a scratch And I'll be better, I'll be better Doc, As soon as I'm able"  Now Rocky Raccoon, he fell back in his room Only to find Gideon's Bible Gideon checked out and he left it no doubt To help with good Rocky's revival.  That's the story of Rocky Rac-coon
Creme tangerine and montelimar A ginger sling with a pineapple heart A coffee dessert yes you know it's good news But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy tru-f-fle Cool cherry cream and a nice apple tart I feel your taste all the time we're apart Coconut fudge really blows down those blues But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy t-ruf-fle  You might not feel it now But when the pain cuts through you're going to know and how The sweat is gonna fill your head When it becomes too much you'll shout aloud But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy t-ruf-fle  You know that what you eat you are But what is sweet now turns so sour We all know ob-la-di ob-la-da But can you show me where you are  Creme tangerine and montelimar A ginger sling with a pineapple heart A coffee dessert yes you know it's good news But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy tru-f-fle Yes you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy t-ruf-fle
Sexy Sadie what have you done You make a fool of ev'ryone You made a fool of ev'ryone Sexy Sadie ooh What have you done  Sexy Sadie you broke the rules You layed it down for all to see You layed it down for all to see Sexy Sadie ooh you broke the rules One sunny day the world was waiting for a lover She came along to turn on ev'ryone Sexy Sadie the greatest of them all  Sexy Sadie how did you know The world was waiting just for you The world was waiting just for you Sexy Sadie ooh how did you know  Sexy Sadie you'll get yours yet However big you think you are However big you think you are Sexy Sadie ooh you'll get yours yet We gave you ev'rything we owned just to sit at your table Just a smile would lighten ev'rything Sexy Sadie she's the latest and the greatest of them all  She made a fool of ev'ryone However big you think you are...
Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill? Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill? He went out tiger hunting with his elephant and gun In case of accidents he always took his mom. He's the all American bullet headed Saxon mother's son. All the children sing: Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill? Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill?  Deep in the jungle where the mighty tiger lies Bill and his elephnats were taken by surprise, So Captain Marvel zapped him right between the eyes All the children sing: Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill? Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill?  The children asked him if to kill was not a sin, "Not when he looked so fierce", his mother butted in. If looks could kill it would have been us instead of him All the children sing: Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill? Hey Bungalow Bill what did you kill Bungalow Bill?
I look at you all see the love there that's sleeping While my guitar gently wheeps I look at the floor and I see it needs sweeping Still my guitar gently wheeps I don't know why nobody told you how to unfold your love I don't know how someone controlled you they bought and sold you I look at the world and I notice it's turning While my guitar gently wheeps With ev'ry mistake we must surely be learning Still my guitar gently wheeps I don't know how you were diverted you were perverted too I don't know how you were inverted no one altered you  I look at you all see the love there that's sleeping While my guitar gently wheeps I look at you all Still my guitar gently wheeps...
Why Don't We Do It In The Road  Why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road No-one will be watching us why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road  Why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road No-one will be watching us why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road  Why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road Why Don't We Do It In The Road No-one will be watching us why Don't We Do It In The Road
Honey Pie - Honey Pie Honey Pie - Honey Pie Honey Pie - Honey Pie Honey Pie - Honey Pie Honey Pie - Honey Pie
Yes I'm lonely wanna die Yes I'm lonely wanna die If I ain't dead already ooh Girl you know the reason why  In the morning wanna die In the evening wanna die If I ain't dead already ooh Girl you know the reason why  My mother was of the sky My father was of the earth But I am of the universe and you know what it's worth I'm lonely wanna die If I ain't dead already ooh Girl you know the reason why  The eagle picks my eye The worm he licks bone I feel so suicidal just like Dylan's Mister Jones I'm lonely wanna die If I ain't dead already ooh Girl you know the reason why  The black cloud cross'd my mind Blue mist round my soul I feel so suicidal even hate my rock and roll wanna die Yeah wanna die If I ain't dead already ooh Girl you know the reason why
One, two, three, four, Can I have a little more, Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, I love you. A, B, C, D, Can I bring my friend to tea. E, F, G, H, I, J, I love you. (Bom Bom Bom Bompa Bom) Sail the ship (Bompa Bom) Chop the tree (Bompa Bom) Skip the rope (Bompa Bom) Look at me (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now  Black, white, green, red, Can I take my friend to bed. Pink, brown, yellow, orange and blue, I love you  (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now  (Bom Bom Bom Bompa Bom) Sail the ship (Bompa Bom) Chop the tree (Bompa Bom) Skip the rope (Bompa Bom) Look at me (All together now) All together now (All together now) All together now (All together now)...
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love  There's nothing you can do that can't be done Nothing you can sing that can't be sung Nothing you can say but you learn how to play the game. It's easy All you need is love All you need is love All you need is love  Love That is all you need Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love There's nothing you can make that can't be made No-one you can save that can't be saved Nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time It's easy All you need is love All you need is love All you need is love  Love That is all you need There's nothing you can know that isn't known Nothing you can see that isn't shown Nowhere you can be that isn't where you meant to be All you need is love All you need is love All you need is love  Love That is all you need All you need is love - All together now All you need us love - everybody All you need is love  Love That is all you need That is all you need ( That is all you need )...
Sheep dog standing in the rain Bullfrog doing it again Some kind of happiness is measured out in miles What makes you think you're something special when you smile  Child like no-one understands Jack-knife in your sweaty hands Some kind of innocence is measured out in years You don't know what it's like to listen to your ears  You can talk to me - You can talk to me You can talk to me if you're lonely you can talk to me  Big man walking in the park Wigwam frightened in the dark Some kind of solitude is measured out in you You think you know it but you haven't got a clue You can talk to me - You can talk to me You can talk to me if you're lonely you can talk to me  Hey Bulldog - Hey Bulldog Hey Bulldog - Hey Bulldog  Woof wha'd'ya say I said Woof d'y'know any more Wow-u-wa
It's all too much It's all too much When I look in to your eyes Your love is there for me And the more I go inside the more there is to see It's all too much for me to take The love that's shining all around you Ev'rywhere it's what you make for us to take It's all too much Floating down the stream of time From life to life with me Makes no diff'rence where you are or where you'd like to be It's all too much for me to take The love that's shining all around here All the world is birthday cake so take a piece but not too much  Sail me on silver sun Where I know that I'm free Show me that I'm ev'rywhere and get me home for tea It's all too much for me to see The love that's shining all around you The more I learn the less I know but what I do is all too much  It's all too much for me to take The love that's shining all around you Ev'rywhere it's what you make for us to take It's all too much It's too much Ah It's too much You are too much Ah We are dead Ah Too much Too much Too much-a...
If you're list'ning to this song You may think the chords are going wrong But they're not; he just wrote it like that  When you're list'ning late at night You may think the band are not quite right But they are; they just play it like that  It doesn't really matter what chords I play What words I say or time of day it is As it's only a Northern Song  It doesn't really matter what clothes I wear Or how I fare or if my hair is brown When it's only a Northern Song  If you think the harmony Is a little dark and out of key You're correct, there's nobody there  It doesn't really matter what chords I play What words I say or time of day it is And I told you there's no one there
In the town where I was born lived a man who sailed to sea And he told us of his life, in the land of submarines. So we sailed on to the sun, till we found the sea of green And we lived beneath the waves in our Yellow Submarine  We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine. And our friends are all abord Many more of them live next door And the band begins to play.  We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine. As we live a life of ease, Ev'ry one of us has all we need Sky of blue and sea of green In our Yellow Submarine.  We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, we all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine, We all live in a Yellow Submarine, Yellow Submarine.
Ah Because the world is round it turns me on Because the world is round Because the wind is high it blows my mind Because the wind is high Ah love is old love is new love is all love is you Because the sky is blue it makes me cry Because the sky is blue Ah ah ah ah
Boy you're gonna carry that weight Carry that weight a long time. Boy you're gonna carry that weight Carry that weight a long time. I never give you my pillow I only send you my invitations and in the middle of the celebrations I break down Boy you're gonna carry that weight Carry that weight a long time...
Here come old flat top he come grooving up slowly he got joo joo eyeball he on holly roller he got hair down to his knee Got to be a joker he just do what he please.  He wear no shoe shine he got toejam football he got funny finger he shoot Coca cola he say I know you - you know me One thing I can tell you is you got to be free. Come together right now over me  He bag production he got walrus gumboot he got Ono sideboard he one spinal cracker he got feet down below his knee Hold you in his armchair you feel his disease. Come together right now over me  He roller coaster he got early warning he got muddy water he one Mojo filter he say one and one and one is three Got to be good looking 'cos he's hard to see. Come together right now over me  Yeah! Come together...
Once there was a way to get back homeward Once there was a way to get back home Sleep pretty darling do not cry And I will sing a lullaby  Golden Slumbers fill your eyes Smiles awake you when you rise Sleep pretty darling do not cry And I will sing a lullaby  Once there was a way to get back homeward Once there was a way to get back home Sleep pretty darling do not cry And I will sing a lullaby
Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl but she doesn't have a lot to say Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl but she changes from day to day I wanna tell her that I love her a lot but I gotta get a belly full of wine Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, someday I'm gonna make her mine Oh yeah, Someday I'm gonna make her mine.
Here Comes The Sun, Here Comes The Sun, (and I say) "It's allright"  Little darling, it's been a long, clod, lonely winter. Little darling, it feels like years since it's been here. Here Comes The Sun, Here Comes The Sun, (and I say) "It's allright"  Little darling, The smiles returning to their faces. Little darling, It seems like years since it's been here. Here Comes The Sun, Here Comes The Sun, (and I say) "It's allright" Sun, sun, sun, Here it comes. Sun, sun, sun, Here it comes. Sun, sun, sun, Here it comes. Sun, sun, sun, Here it comes. Sun, sun, sun, Here it comes.  Little darling, I feel that ice is slowly melting. Little darling, It seems like years since it's been clear. Here Comes The Sun, Here Comes The Sun, (and I say) "It's allright"
I want you I want you so bad I want you I want you so bad it's driving me mad it's driving me mad I want you I want you so bad babe I want you I want you so bad it's driving me mad it's driving me mad  I want you I want you so bad babe I want you I want you so bad it's driving me mad it's driving me mad I want you I want you so bad I want you I want you so bad it's driving me mad it's driving me mad (Yeah)  She's so (heavy) heavy (she's so) heavy heavy  I want you I want you so bad I want you I want you so bad it's driving me mad it's driving me mad I want you I want you so bad babe I want you You know I want you so bad it's driving me mad it's driving me mad (Yeah)  She's so (heavy) heavy (she's so) heavy heavy She's so ...
Joan was quizzical studied paraphysical science in the home Late nights all alone with a testube oh oh oh oh Maxwell Edison majoring in medicine calls her on the phone Can I take you out to the pictures Jo-oh ho-oan But as she's getting ready to go a knock comes on the door Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer came down upon her head Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer made sure that she was dead  Back in the school again Maxwell plays the fool again teacher gets annoyed Wishing to avoid an unpleasant sce-ee-ee-ene She tells Max to stay when the class has gone away so he waits behind Writing fifty times I must not be so-oh-ho-oan But when she turns her back on the boy he creeps up from behind Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer came down upon her head Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer made sure that she was dead  P.C. thirty one said we've caught a dirty one Maxwell stands alone Painting testimonial pictures oh oh oh oh Rose and Valerie screaming from the gallery say he must go free The judge does not agree and he tells them so oh ho-oan But as the words are leaving his lips a noise comes from behind Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer came down upon her head Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer made sure that she was dead Silver hammer man.
Mean Mister Mustard sleeps in the park, shaves in the dark trying to save paper. Sleeps in a hole in the road Saving up to buy some clothes Keeps a ten bob note up his nose, such a mean old man Such a mean old man  His sister Pam works in the shop she never stops, she's a go getter. Takes him out to look at the Queen Only place that he's ever been Always shouts out something obscene, such a Dirty old man, Dirty old man.
I'd like to be under the sea in an Octopus's garden in the shade. He's let us in, Knows where we've been, in his octopus's garden in the shade I'd ask my friends to come and see an octopus's garden with me. I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade.  We would be warm below the storm in our little hideaway beneath the waves. Resting our head on the sea bed in an octopus's garden near a cave. We would be sing and dance around because we know we can't be found I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade. We would shout and swim about the coral that lies beneath the waves. (Lies beneath the ocean waves)  Oh what a joy for ev'ry girl and boy knowing they're happy and they're safe. We would be so happy, you and me, No one there to tell us what to do, I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden with you in an octopus's garden with you in an octopus's garden with you
Oh Darling please believe me I'll never do you no harm Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm  Oh Darling if you leave me I'll never make it alone Believe me when I beg you don't ever leave me alone When you told me you didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and cried When you told me you didn't need me anymore Oh well you know I nearly broke down and died  Oh Darling if you leave me I'll never make it alone Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm (Believe me Darling) When you told me you didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and cried When you told me you didn't need me anymore Oh well you know I nearly broke down and died  Oh Darling please believe me I'll never do you no harm (Oh believe me Darling) Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm
Well you should see Polythene Pam She's so goodlooking but she looks like a man Well you should see her in grag dressed in her polythene bag Yes you should see Polythene Pam Yeh yeh yeh  Get a dose of her in jackboots and kilt She's a killer diller when she's dressed to the hilt She's the kind of a girl that makes the News of the world Yes you could say she was attractively built Yeh yeh yeh
Oh Look out She came in through the bathroom window protected by a silver spoon But now she sucks her thumb and wonders by the banks of her own lagoon  Didn't anybody tell her Didn't anybody see Sundays on the phone to Monday Tuesdays on the phone to me  She said she'd always been a dancer she worked fifteen clubs a day And though she thought I knew the answer well I knew but I could not say  And so I quit the police department and got my self a steady job And though she tried her best to help me she could steal but she could not rob  Didn't anybody tell her Didn't anybody see Sundays on the phone to Monday Tuesdays on the phone to me Oh Yeah
Something in the way she moves Attracts me like no other lover, Something in the way she woos me. I don't want to leave her now, You know I believe and how.  Somewhere in her smile she knows That I don't need no other lover, Something in her style that shows me. I don't want to leave her now, You know I believe and how. You're asking me will my love grow I don't know, I don't know You stick me around now, it may show, I don't know, I don't know  Something in the way she knows And all I have to do is think of her, Something in the things she shows me. I don't want to leave her now, You know I believe and how.
Ah Here comes the Sun King Here comes the Sun King Ev'rybody's laughing Ev'rybody's happy Here comes the Sun King Quando para mucho mi amore de feliece corazon Mundo pararazzi mi amore chicka ferdy parasol Cuesto obrigado tanta mucho que can eat it carousel
Oh Yeah alright are you gonna be in my dreams tonight. And in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make Ah.
You never give me your money You only give me your funny paper And in the middle of nevotiatations you break down I never give you my number I only give you my situation And in the middle of investigation I break down.  Out of college money spent See no future pay no rent All the money's gone nowhere to go Any jobber got the sack Monday morning turning back Yellow lorry slow nowhere to go  But oh that magic feeling nowhere to go Oh that magic feeling nowhere to go. Nowhere to go.  Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah One sweet dream Pick up the bags and get in the limousine Soon we'll be away from here Step on the gas and wipe that tear away One sweet dream came true today came true today came true today  One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, All good children go to heaven One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, ...
Words are flying out like endless rain into a papercup, They slither while, they pass, they slip away across the univer-se Pools of sorrow, waves of joy are drifting through my open mind, possessing and caressing me. Jai Guru De va Om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world  Images of broken light which dance before me like million eyes, That call me on and on across the universe, Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letterbox they tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe. Jai Guru De va Om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world  Sounds of laughter shades of earth are ringing through my open views inciting and inviting me. Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns, it calls me on and on across the universe. Jai Guru De va Om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Jai Guru De va Om...
I hi hi hi hi Dig a pony well you can celebrate anything you want Yes you can celebrate anything you want Ooh  I hi hi hi hi Do a road hog well you can penetrate any place you go Yes you can penetrate any place you go I told you so all I want is you Ev'rything has got to be just like you want it to Because  I hi hi hi hi Pick a moondog well you can radiate ev'rything you are Yes you can radiate ev'rything you are Ooh  I hi hi hi hi Roll a stoney well you can imitate ev'rything you know Yes you can imitate ev'rything you know Ooh I told you so all I want is you Ev'rything has got to be just like you want it to Because  I hi hi hi hi Feel the wind blow well you can indicate ev'rything you see Yes you can indicate ev'rything you see Ooh  I hi hi hi hi Dig a pony well you can syndicate any boat you row Yes you can syndicate any boat you row I told you so all I want is you Ev'rything has got to be just like you want it to Because
Like A Rolling Stone Like A Rolling Stone Like the F.B.I., And the C.I.A. And the B.B.C., B.B. King And Doris Day, Matt Busby Dig It Dig It Dig It Dig It
Because you're sweet and lovely, girl, I love you Because you're sweet and lovely, girl, it's true I love you more than ever, girl, I do.  I want you in the morning, girl, I love you I want you at the moment I feel blue I'm living ev'ry moment, girl, for you.  I've loved you from the moment I saw you You looked at me, that's all you had to do I feel it now, I hope you feel it too.  Because you're sweet and lovely, girl, I love you Because you're sweet and lovely, girl, it's true I love you more than ever, girl, I do.
Jojo was a man who thought he was a loner but he knew it could-n't last Jojo left his home in Tuscon Arizona for some California grass Get back, Get back, Get back to where you once belonged Get back, Get back, Get back to where you once belonged Get back Jojo Go home! Get back, Get back, Get back to where you once belonged Get back, Get back, Get back to where you once belonged Get back Joe.  Sweet Loretta Martin thought she was a woman but she was another man. All the girls around her say she's got it coming but she gets it while she can. Get back, Get back, Get back to where you once belonged Get back, Get back, Get back to where you once belonged Get back Loretta Go home! Get back Loretta Get back Loretta your mother's waiting for you Wearing her high heel shoes and her low neck sweater Get on home Loretta Get back - oh get back where you once belonged
All thru' the day I me mine, I me mine, I me mine All thru' the night I me mine, I me mine, I me mine Now they're frightened of leaving it, ev'ryone's weaving it, coming on strong all the time, All thru' the day I me mine  All I can hear I me mine, I me mine, I me mine Even those tears I me mine, I me mine, I me mine No-one's frightened of playing it, ev'ryone's saying it, flowing more freely than wine. All thru' the day I me mine  I I me me mine I I me me mine I I me me mine I I me me mine  All thru' the day I me mine, I me mine, I me mine All thru' the night I me mine, I me mine, I me mine Now they're frightened of leaving it, ev'ryone's weaving it, coming on strong all the time, All thru' your life I me mine
I've got a feeling a feeling deep inside oh yeah Oh yeah I've got a feeling a feeling I can't hide oh no (no) Oh no Oh no Yeah Yeah I've got feeling yeah (I've got a feeling)  Oh please believe me I'd hate to miss the train oh yeah (yeah) Oh yeah And if you leave me I won't be late again oh no Oh no Oh no Yeah Yeah I've got feeling yeah (I've got a feeling)  All these years I've been wandering around wondering how come nobody told me All that I was looking for was somebody who looked like you  I've got a feeling that keeps me on my toes oh yeah Oh yeah I've got a feeling I think that ev'rybody knows oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Yeah Yeah I've got feeling yeah (I've got a feeling)  Ev'rybody had a hard year Ev'rybody had a good time Ev'rybody had a wet dream Ev'rybody saw the sun shine Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah  Ev'rybody had a good year Ev'rybody let their hair down Ev'rybody pulled their socks up Ev'rybody put their foot down Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah I've got a feeling...
When I find myself in time of trouble Mother Mary comes to me Speaking words of wisdom Let it be And in my hour of darkness She is standing right in front of me Speaking words of wisdom Let it be  Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom Let it be  And when the broken Hearted people Living in the world agree There will be an answer Let it be  For though they may be parted There is still a chance That they will see There will be an answer Let it be  Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom Let it be  And when the night is cloudy There is still a light That shines on me Shine until tomorrow Let it be  I wake up to the sound of music Mother Mary comes to me Speaking words of wisdom Let it be  Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be There will be an answer Let it be  Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom Let it be
Oh, dirty Maggie Mae they have taken her away And she'll never walk down Lisle Street any mower Oh, the judge he guilty found her of robbing the homeward boun-der That dirty no good robbin' Maggie Mae it's the part of Liverpool She returned me to two pound ten a week That was my pay
My baby says she's trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine I said move over honey I'm travelling on that line I said move over once move over twice, Come on baby don't be cold as ice I said I'm travelling on the One after Nine-O-Nine  I begged her not to go and I begged her on my bended knees You're only fooling around, you're only fooling around with me I said move over once move over twice, Come on baby don't be cold as ice I said I'm travelling on the One after Nine-O-Nine  I've got my bag, run to the station Railman says you've got the wrong location I've got my bag, run right home Then I find I've got the number wrong Well I said I'm trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine I said move over honey I'm travelling on that line  I said move over once move over twice, Come on baby don't be cold as ice I said I'm travelling on the One after Nine-O-Nine  I've got my bag, run to the station Railman says you've got the wrong location I've got my bag, run right home Then I find I've got the number wrong Well I said I'm trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine I said move over honey I'm travelling on that line  I said move over once move over twice, Come on baby don't be cold as ice I said I'm travelling on the One after Nine-O-Nine I said I'm travelling on the One after Nine-O-Nine I said I'm travelling on the One after Nine-O-Nine
The long and winding road that leads to your door will never disappear, I've seen that road before It always leads me here, lead me to your door  The wild and windy night that the rain washed away has left a pool of tears crying for the day, Why leave me standing here, let me know the way. Many times I've been alone and manytimes I've cried, Anyway you'll never know the manyways I've tried  but still they lead me back to the long winding road You left me standing here a long time ago Don't leave me waiting here, lead me to your door Da da da da.
Two of us riding nowhere Spending someone's hard-earned pay You and me Sunday driving Not arriving on our way back home We're on our way home We're on our way home We're going home You and I have memories Longer than the road that stretches out ahead  Two of us sending postcards Writing letters on my wall You and me burning matches Lifting latches on our way back home We're on our way home We're on our way home We're going home You and I have memories Longer than the road that stretches out ahead  Two of us wearing raincoats Standing solo in the sun You and me chasing paper getting nowhere on our way back home We're on our way home We're on our way home We're going home
